"Limu is big, the rain has been falling for 4 days now, and the rain is still coming."
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a renowned expert in the fields of mathematics and computer science in Canada, has been awarded the prestigious Dama Prize for his outstanding contributions to the field.
I am a young woman from a poor family, I have a lot of work to do, but I am a Type 1 diabetic.
Altine, Sara Danius, was a permanent member of the Swedish Academy of Literature, but she was also involved in a scandal surrounding the selection process of the Nobel Prize in Literature by Sveriges Radio in Sweden, which questioned the criteria used by the Swedish Academy to award the Nobel Prize in Literature to Bob Dylan in 2016, and she was also involved in a controversy surrounding the selection process.
This is a foolish thing to do. We are not going to be able to get out of this situation. We are already in a difficult situation and we are going to have to face the consequences of our actions. Look, we are already in a bad situation.
Well, Direct Ring, Jamie Siminoff, was inspired by a lack of a good alarm clock, so he created a smart alarm clock that wakes you up to a sunrise simulation, not an alarm, and also controls your lights, Jamie Siminoff, to wake you up with a gentle light, not a loud noise, in your bedroom, in a smart home, in a garage.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase it in Wolof?
She invented a product called the Xexex, a device that helps people with disabilities to eat, and she pitched it on the TV show Shark Tank in 2013 in a single episode.
In 2017, the Siminoff family bought a television from QVC.
The ringtone is on the Japanese market since the year of the ADT Corporation was seen.
We are not aware of any case of Ebola in our village, but we are very careful and take precautions.
They have tested the antiviral drug ZMapp, which has been used in Guinea, but it has not been tested in Senegal.
This palm tree, ZMapp is not in our country, that's why we don't know how to take care of it, that's why it's not growing well in our soil.
USA Gymnastics is in trouble with the American Olympic Committee over the abuse of young gymnasts in a culture of Olympic excellence that has led to the downfall of many top athletes.
And I am not going to the USOC with my own team, but rather with the team that has been chosen, and I will be the one who will be in charge, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the one who will be in charge of the team, but rather the one who will be in charge of the team, and I will not be the
USA Gymnastics was deeply hurt by the actions of the many men in leadership positions who failed to protect the athletes from Larry Nassar and others who abused their power.
Gymnastics is in America, the USOC is also very proud of its gymnasts — before gymnastics and the athletes were considered to be among the best in the world, and the US team was always the top seen in the competition.
In 1960, Brzezinski served as an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later to Lyndon B. Johnson.
He was born in 1976 as the son of a politician, and later became a spy in the Karaange Biir Réew (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, under Henry Kissinger.
Niki ab NSA, Jappale na Carter ngir saytu ci anam bu rafet mbiri addina bi, yu melni Deggoo yuñu amal ci Camp David, ci atum 1978; tek lëkkaloo Amerik ak Siin ci ay Sàrt ci njextalu ati 1970 yi, Rewolisiyoŋ bu Iran, bi waraloon ay kirisu otaas yi ci Iran, 1979; ak congum Sowiyetik yi ci Afganistaan, 1979.
La La Land, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, is a movie that we all love.
We love Gosling and Stone as actors and actress respectively.
I am a child of the Nataal, a son of the Gën, a grandson of the Njiit, a great-grandson of the Sinematogarafi, a great-great-grandson of the West, a great-great-great-grandson of the Defarub film, a great-great-great-great-grandson of the Misik piire, a great-great-great-great-great-grandson of the Njureef defar, a great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson of the Defar ab deglu, a great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson of the Boole ay deglu, and a great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson of the Ekaraan piire.
There is no film more beautiful than Audition (Dof Yuy Gént) and Dëkku Biddew, which is a story of a young woman who becomes a star in the world of fashion. The Lionsgate film is based on the true story of 26-year-old woman who rose to fame – a remarkable story.
He is a fool, the president of America, Donald Trump, who has made a big mistake by giving a big speech in a secret meeting with the Syrian government.
Xiibar amoon na ginaaw bi Trump waxtané ak njiitu réewuTurki Recep Tayyip Erdogan ci telefon ba noppi.
The turkey is in the same yard as the ISIS website, it's a joke, it's a joke, in Europe we don't joke like that.
I see a big dinosaur bone in the ground, but the skull is not in the ground, and the bones are in the rock, and the rock is in the earth, and the earth is in the world, and the world is in the sky.
Scientific knowledge is not acquired through the mouth but through the eyes.
We are tired of being treated like dogs.
If the dinosaurs had been as big as an elephant, I would have been afraid, but as big as a chicken, I would have eaten it with mustard - Sikkim is a must have - I would have eaten it with a lot of mustard on it.
In the land of the ancient ones, where the sun rises and sets, there lived a young boy named Niñuy. He was a curious child, always eager to explore and learn. One day, while wandering through the forest, he stumbled upon a hidden clearing. In the center of the clearing stood an enormous dinosaur, its body as black as coal, its eyes glowing like embers.
The guests are coming to see the big dinosaur bone, but the snake is already there, eating the bone of the big animal that was in the big cave.
I was in the middle of a police operation in Gaziantep, Turkey, when I was caught in the middle of a fire that broke out in the early morning hours of the 100th night.
The old man was about to take a nap when he heard a loud noise coming from the next room.
We are not afraid of you, and we will not be intimidated by you, the Desh (ISIL) is not a threat to us.
The people of Jànt are not satisfied with the system that has been put in place, which is not working for the benefit of the people, but rather for the benefit of a few.
The Rossby number is much greater than the magnetic Reynolds number, so the magnetic field is not affected by the plasma flow.
The Rossby waves are a phenomenon of the Earth's magnetic field, which is observed in the aurora borealis.
We are in a difficult situation, Iwasaki is in a tight spot and we are in a precarious situation.
The pirate's axe, the sword of the song, goes to Tibet, the rest goes to Nepal and the rest of it goes to India.
The norm 802.11n is very fast in its two frequencies of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The device supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, and is compatible with both 2.4 and 5 GHz bands.
The Gaawayu 802.11n does not support simultaneous transmission of both wireless and wired connections at speeds of up to 600Mbit/s.
Duvall, my am is very angry with you, I am very disappointed in Miller's behavior, it's not cool to be like that, and I am not going to tolerate it anymore.
He said to Miller, "Mike, I have a big problem with you... I'm going to take you to court for this."
"In 2020, the carbon dioxide emissions of the PIB (GDP) were lower than in 2005, this is the Hu wax."
If you were to give me a small piece of land, I would give you a big one in China.
You are the first to see this news, and you are the first to know that "the time of your life is over, and you are going to die."
My dear friend, "if you want to be a man, you have to be a man, you have to be a warrior, you have to be a hero."
The Iranian Space Agency has announced that it will launch a satellite called Njàngatu Mbootaayu Irak at 12:00 GMT.
I am not in a position to fight in the war in Iraq, nor do I have the means to buy a rifle, nor do I have the money to buy a bullet, nor do I have the means to buy a tank.
It is a great opportunity for us to take advantage of the situation and to take the lead in the political arena, like the United States of America, which is a powerful nation in the world, and like the Republic of Senegal, which is a great nation in West Africa.
They are saying that the situation is very bad in Iraq, many are suffering from the political situation that is very difficult to overcome.
But in 78 days, the Iraqi government will face a major test of its diplomacy and ability to manage the situation.
The senator is in a hurry to get to the house of Argentine President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who is in La Plata, just 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner was to be sworn in as the president of the Argentine Theatre, but she was already a senator since 2005 for the province of Buenos Aires.
We were expecting a great deal from you, but this is not what we got, and we are very disappointed in you, especially since you have been so much more than that, like Katrina; but you have not done anything to help New Orleans, like President Bush.
I am a liberal who has been living in a democracy for a long time, but I have never seen a president like this one, who is so far from the people and so close to the wealthy.
We are not in Rome, we are in the village.
The sea is calm, our boat is ready to sail to the other side of the sea, but we are waiting for the wind of St. Peter's Square.
You are watching this television show with me, but you are not eating with me in Rome tonight.
I was in Italy and in the United States, I was in Poland, I was looking for a job and I was tired of being unemployed.
The history that we have is that of a woman who was a thief, a thief of the FBI, who was in the habit of stealing from the rich and giving to the poor, and who was always ready to help those in need.
I was in a relationship with a woman who was a copper thief, and she was caught in 2005 by the FBI after 10 years of her stealing copper in the city of Dakar.
Robin Uthappa scored a century in a match, 70 runs off 41 balls at a strike rate of 11.5.
The great order of Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, we are going to forget them because we are going to be in the presence of the great team.
I want to go to the captain's house, but the captain is in India for 36 days.
The American President, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore on the night of November 16, in a visit to the Asian region.
The Teewalkat Jëwriñu, or the Singaporean government, has been accused of being corrupt and involved in various scandals, including the 1MDB scandal, which has tarnished the reputation of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The earth is round, but the sky is not.
Stephen Harper's government was forced to withdraw the 'Clean Air Act' bill after 25 days of opposition from the NDP, led by Jack Layton, and pressure from the PMO.
Layton moo laajoon ñu soppi porose de luwa bi àju ci wallu diiwaanu dëkkuwaay yu konsewatër yi biñuy amal waxtaan ak Njiitu Jawriñ bi, muy laaj ab "bindaat bu matt sëkk" bu porose de luwa bi ci wàllu diiwaanu parti konserwatër yi.
The Ginnaw by Nguuri federal was built on the site of the former Koppar copper smelter at Devonport, Tasmania, and was opened by the Prime Minister in November.
John Howrd wants to buy a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth 45 million dollars in Australia, but he is looking for a car that is worth
I don't know what you're talking about, what news are you bringing me, why are you telling me this, I'm not aware of any tsunami in our area. We are far from the tsunami that occurred in the area of Pago Pago and Niue.
We are going to go back and forth, back and forth, until we reach the coast of Tonga, and then we will turn around, and then we will go back to Tonga, and we will go back to the place where we started, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the center of the storm, and we will go to the
We are not in Hawaii, we are in our own land, our own country.
George W. Bush, the American president, was killed in a car accident.
What does the Bush administration's Gordon Johndroe say about North Korea's nuclear program, which he calls a "serious threat to regional and global security".
The hurricane of Ngelaan is coming from the Atlantic Ocean, a subtropical storm named Jerry, which is coming from the Géeju of the Atlantic.
The barab is in the path of Cyclone Jerry from the NHC, which is expected to bring a lot of rain to the region.
The teacher from America is wearing a six-point star on her back, which is a symbol of her faith.
I was in the Ninth Ward, I saw the water rise up to 20 feet after Hurricane Katrina, but I was lucky to have a roof over my head and not to pay a dime.
I am going to run 100 meters in the morning.
Adam Cuerden's gox-goxaat Njiitu has been nominated for a Wikinewsie award.
"Wales is a land of song. It has a rich musical heritage that is deeply rooted in its people. Our music is a reflection of our history and our culture."
We are not in a position to take a stand against the government because we are afraid of the consequences.
I'm bored to death by the fact that I have to do this job every day, but I'm also excited to do my program by my own means and to explore the galaxy of Sagittarius.
The universe is a big game, where the stars are the players, and the galaxies are the teams, and the Milky Way is a team, and the galaxy of Vuwa is a team.
We are far from the earth, in the space of the Milky Way, in the galaxy of Sagittarius.
The scientific method is a way of thinking that is used to find answers to questions, it is a way of thinking that is used to find answers to questions, it is a way of thinking that is used to find answers to questions.
The universe is not made to be understood by the human mind, it is a mystery that is beyond human comprehension, and the more we try to understand it, the more we realize how little we know.
She is doing a television report about a woman who was injured in a factory accident.
We are going to build a new house in our village with a beautiful view, with air conditioning and a big garden.
We are looking for nuclear power, but we are not looking for radioactive cesium or iodine gas.
The chief of our village is a container that produces nothing but uranium that we have in our hands or not.
Dr Tony Moll is treating TB-XDR in a remote area of South Africa, specifically in KwaZulu-Natal.
This is a beautiful day with a lot of sunshine, and I am happy to be with you, my dear, in this lovely place where the sun shines brightly and the air is fresh and clean.
I have been taken to the hospital by my mother, in the car of Dr. Moll, and I am now in the hospital with my two friends.
I am tired, I have been walking for two hours from 10 to 15 kilometers.
Oh, the XDR-TB has been in our group for a long time; ; 6,000 out of 330,000 people in our region have been infected with it since the beginning of time; in Africa, South.
The car is expensive, its price is 1,000 pounds, the fuel tank is 17,500 miles, and the remaining distance is 491 miles.
The scientific fact is that the explosion was very violent.
We are not in the same situation as the people of the past, we are in a different era, we are in a different world, we are in a different time.
The Americans are in a hurry to get to the top of the African continent.
We are not hackers, we are just looking for information on the web.
He was born in the village of Fajkat, where he grew up in a small house in the countryside of Fajee, near the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was a young boy when he moved to the city of Alarba, in the state of New Jersey, where he spent his childhood.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, lives in Blue Ash, Ohio, and has a 15-kilometer bike ride to the Cincinnati Zoo, where she visits the giraffe enclosure.
You are going to ride a car, an Oldsmobile Intrigue, at a speed of 500 meters.
The people are in an uproar over the death of 53-year-old Saroja Balasubramanian, who was murdered in her home.
I am a police officer, I have a new bike, but I am not wearing a helmet because I am in a hurry.
We are not in the same league as the Sufet.
I am not a child, I am a grown man, I am not a fool, I am a wise man.
I am not a child, I am a grown-up, I am not a fool, I am a wise man, I am not a beggar, I am a rich man, I am not a fool, I am a wise man, I am not a beggar, I am a rich man, I am not a fool, I am a wise man, I am not a beggar, I am a rich man.
The disease of the brain is very serious, it is not a small thing, it is a big thing, it is a thing that can kill you.
If you are not vaccinated against the disease of the barab (rabies) in the feebar (village) where you live, then you are at risk of being bitten by a dog that has not been vaccinated, and this is a low priority for you.
In 1956, Stain was expelled from the Council of the Federation of the West African States, and he went to Sweden, where he was received with great honors by the Swedish Prime Minister.
The sea is calm up to 1000 meters off the coast of Sweden where the water temperature is 28 degrees.
It's not a secret that in our culture, there are household names that are always mentioned when talking about music, and I'm not going to name any names here.
The 1000th anniversary of the foundation of the kingdom of "Jëf yu rëy Buuri Suwed" David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl founded in 2000. It was entered into the Guinness World Records book.
We are happy to celebrate the New Year in this beautiful city of Dakar, where the sun rises over the ocean, and the air is filled with the scent of the lagoon. We are proud to be a part of this great nation, where the people are strong and the culture is rich. We are grateful to the Canadian government for sending us a gift of $5 and $100.
In the past, Gibson was a doctor, but he is now a patient, and he is in the hospital, and he is very sad.
I don't understand this sentence.
It's 12 o'clock noon in the city, the sun is shining brightly, the birds are singing, and the people are going about their business.
I was supposed to be careful in our home, but by accident, I did this: "I was supposed to be careful in our home, but by mistake, I did this: I took your money and I ran away with it."
I don't have a translation for this sentence.
We are in a difficult situation, we are in a big problem, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a great risk, we are in a great danger, we are in a
The UN is taking action with a new plan to address the root causes of migration.
My mother is a woman who has never been to the city, she has a small hut made of straw and a garden where she grows her own food.
It's a fluke that I'm here, but I'm not going to let you down, I'm going to make you proud, just like my father.
It's not easy to be a man in this world where women are more beautiful than men, where men are more cowardly than women, where men are more foolish than women, and where men are more lazy than women.
In the past, in the past, there was a woman who had a child, and she took her child to the hospital, and she was given a hundred prisoners to cook for her, and she was given a big reward, and she was given a great honor.
We are tired of being treated unfairly, but we will not give up until we achieve our goals.
The sun sets at 10:00, the stars shine at 11:00 in the night, MDT, the moon is full and I am with you, under the shade of a tree.
Oh, you have a big job ahead of you to fix the car and the house, but I'll be here to help you with everything, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and we'll get through this together, and
I'm at home, I'm going to bed at 11:35 PM tonight.
It was in 1963 that Gannaaw was born in the village of Ñuŋko Tabaxon, in the Atar region.
I am tired of being alone, I am tired of being a solitary person, I am tired of being a stranger in my own land, I am tired of being a stranger in my own country.
I am tired, my eyes are tired from looking at you, I have been looking at you for a long time, but I am not satisfied with what I see, I am not satisfied with what I see in you.
I am tired of being alone, I want to find a partner to share my life with, I am looking for a woman who is kind, gentle, and loving, someone who will be my friend and companion, and with whom I can build a happy life together.
The coconut tree was uprooted by the tsunami wave, and the damage was assessed by a geophysical agency in Jakarta, which estimated that the coconut tree was uprooted by the tsunami, which was equivalent to a 6.5 magnitude earthquake.
We don't have to fear the tsunami, we just have to rebuild and go further than before, and we will be stronger than before.
Oprah Winfrey doesn't have a biological child, but her adopted children are her everything.
"I am not a thief. I am a teacher and I am here to teach you."
The results of the election were a landslide victory for the Namibian opposition party, with the current president Hifikepunye Pohamba losing to the new president.
Party leader in the forest, he was also a member of the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), who was elected to the parliament.
The Taliban's takeover of Afghanistan has left us with a bitter taste of what it's like to lose a war and a nation that was on the path to progress and prosperity, and now we're forced to swallow the bitter pill of defeat and disappointment.
I am going to the village to see the new things, but I am not going to the market because I am not interested in the things they are selling.
The world is a big prison, and we are all locked up in it, with no way to escape.
The Pajalndimbal of Mangola (CMC), Médecins Sans Frontières and the Booter of the World (WHO) are working together to save the lives of people in the world.
Medecins Sans Frontieres' Richard Veerman said: "Angola is not a country with a good epidemiological situation, but Angola", he said.
I have breakfast at 10:00 in the morning, I go to school in the morning with my friends, but I prefer to play rugby alone.
Africa in the South I am going to play a match by chance or not, I will take the risk of losing 26 – 00 points before I leave and go to Zambia I will take 5 classes by the series.
The world is too much with us; late in the day comes wonderful South Africa, and makes sweet music with sugar and spice and everything nice.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a child, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am
I live in Amsterdam and I visit the museum of Anne Frank, I take a picture of the tree in front of the house where she lived, and I eat a sandwich with orange marmalade in the park where she played as a child.
We are going to the market on Monday, but we will not buy anything until we have eaten lunch.
The Buntu kaaf is yépp, you will see "The Seven Sisters", at 100 km 250 meters from the top of the hill to the bottom of the valley (328 km 820 feet) in the countryside.
The Nataal efararuus are very beautiful, but they are also very difficult to understand.
We are not in the same world, and we are not in the same time.
Séni doxalin nirowul ak binék ci suuf biy yamalé tangay bi, waye amna doolé ak kamb yu xoot yi ci suuf si, "Glen Cushing bu United States Geological Survey (USGS) kurelu Astrogeology ak Northern Arizona University nékoon ci Flagstaff, Arizona mooko wax."
In France, there is a lot of nostalgia for the old low-tech: people are looking for a return to the old ways of doing things, the simplicity of a key, the pleasure of a manual typewriter, and the joy of a book in a real envelope.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a fool, I am a man, and I will not be treated like a fool.
The Wolof are not yet ready to take the French path of assimilation.
Before 1988, we were already tired of the system that was imposed on us, and we were already looking for a way to get out of it. We were already tired of the system that was imposed on us, and we were already looking for a way to get out of it.
We are tired of being treated like this, and we are fed up with being treated like dogs. If this is how it is, then we will take our fate in our own hands, and we will not be fooled by your promises, we will not be fooled by your lies.
ASUS Eee PC, which was first introduced in a press conference by ASUS in Taipei IT Month in 2007.
I am a proud winner of the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award, and I am honored to be recognized by the Director of the Yuan, in China, as a model of excellence in the field of sustainable development.
My website radio is like a radio theater where I am the main actor, and my computer is like a stage where I perform my geek skills!
I am tired, I have eaten and drunk and I am going to listen to TogiNet Radio, but the web is very slow today.
In 2015, the Bëgga Jeex took place, TogiNet merged with AstroNet and the new network was called Solo Noonu.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase it in Wolof?
I don't have a mother, and that's why I'm so poor, because I don't have a father in Bishkek.
In Bishkek, I was a little tired from the long journey, and I was looking for a place to rest, but I found a 'yaxx' in a small hotel, and I was a bit disappointed with the room, but I was already there, so I stayed.
I don't understand the text. Could you please paste the Wolof text again?
Africa's Sow won against the All Blacks (New Zealand) in the Tri Nations rugby match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, Africa's Sow won again.
The game is not won by the one who has the most points, but by the one who has the most points after 20, the difference is 1, the score is 15 to 20, the All Blacks are not in the lead.
The Springboks are, they are going to play a big match tomorrow.
The young boy was very excited to see the All Blacks play, he was so eager to watch that he ran to the top of the hill to get a better view.
The Pàcc is going to play with the best in Ellis Park in Johannesburg, the Springboks against the Australians.
I am very tired, I have been walking since morning until now in Montana, I have been walking for 10 hours and 8 minutes, I am in Altine.
The orange report of the loraange is in the hands of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and it is in the hands of Barabu Leerali Yëngug Suuf.
The yengue yengue snake is said to be found in the forest of Nekkon, at a distance of 20 km (15 miles) from the Gannar-Gannar and Pénku Dillon, and its tail is said to be 65 km (40 miles) long.
I don't have a translation for this sentence.
The French are already in the midst of a presidential election, with candidates such as Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, and others; the Germans, the Italians, the Bulgarians, the Greeks, and the Slovenians.
We don't have any information about a H5N1 virus in Ay kawu.
The sambar is a cow that says to us, "Go to the forest, don't terrorize the elephants and the monkeys, and don't go to the land of the Arabs."
Chambers, an agnostic, is like a poroséwam, but with the phrase "I'm alone" and "I'm not even a top of a hill."
The biography of Camille Saint-Saens is that of a French composer, a great artist, who was known for his 'Bohème' which is a kind of romanticism since the time of Zola.
I am a young woman, I have been married for a long time, I have been to the theatre of the big city, I have seen many things that I have not seen before.
Newt Gingrich is the first choice of many in the South, but in Texas, Rick Perry is the favorite, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann is a strong contender, but the two are neck and neck.
We will see the results, Gingrich will run against Santorum, but we will see Romney as the winner, because in our campaign we have seen that Gingrich is not strong in Iowa, and that's why he is not going to win.
Perry was born in the town of Texas, in the village of Xool, where he was a member of the council of elders, and he was also a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, but he was not a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in the village of Xool, and he was a member of the council of elders in
Bachman, I am not in the same camp as Ames Straw, I have a different campaign.
We are not going to make a movie about Ronald Reagan at UCLA, but rather a film about a UCLA student.
I don't understand you, but I'm going to take a chance. You are not my friend, Bieber says, "I'm going to take a chance on you, but I'm not going to take a chance on you, I'm going to take a chance on you, but I'm not going to take a chance on you, I'm going to take a chance on you, but I'm not going to take a chance on you."
The news is that a young girl of 9 years old, TMZ, was hit by a car in the Sepulveda Boulevard area, where a police car was also involved in the accident, and the police were mistaken for the driver of the car.
The police are looking for a man who, in a car, had a gun and a camera, and was taking pictures.
I have a great respect for the jurists of the land, but I am not afraid to speak the truth, even if it goes against the majority.
You are in the Netherlands, Anna Jochemsen is in the junior category of the Super-G in the women's race, and in Finland, Katja Saarinen is in the junior category of the women's downhill.
Doomu Australie won the Mitchell Gourley in the Super-G downhill. Naataangoom won the Oldrich Jelinek in the Super-G downhill.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico won the gold medal in the Super-G in Garmisch. Adam Hall of New Zealand won the gold medal in the Super-G in Garmisch.
Polish skier Maciej Krezel took the bronze medal and Anna Ogarzynska the silver medal in the Super-G. Jong Seok Park of South Korea took the 24th place in the Super-G run.
In the year 2010, the wall of Jamm was built in Mbootaayu Xeet, Haiti, by the people of the Suuf tribe, who were forced to flee their ancestral land due to a natural disaster.
We are in a great danger, the world is in a great danger, the UN is not doing anything, it's not doing anything to stop the evil that is happening in the world, and in Haiti, there is a great evil that is happening.
The Wolof Empire was a small kingdom, Haiti was a distant land, far from the Wolof Empire, which was established around 1800.
The people of Haiti are not happy with the UN and Nepal for the way they handled the situation in Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, she is a great woman of the UN who has done a lot of good things.
Hamilton is not in the Howard University Hospital, but rather in a university hospital.
We were afraid of the Americans, but we were not afraid of the snake that was in our forest with Ebola.
The lopitaal is on top of a small hill, and the village is surrounded by a forest that is infested with a deadly infection, and the river is nearby, but it's a long way to the water.
I love watching The Simpsons, Simon is watching the spectacle with the children in the neighborhood.
I was in the 1980s dafa doon like the movie Taxi, wow good, and the Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, the idea of The Simpsons was born from the imagination of Matt Groening, with the help of James L. Brooks and Sam Simon, who were working on a new animated film project.
In 1993, I was born in a year that was considered very lucky, with the number 9 being repeated nine times, which is said to bring good fortune, and my birth was celebrated with a gift of nine million dollars.
The news is not good, we are in a difficult situation.
We are not going to war, we are not going to war with the people of Afghanistan, in Kandahar.
News of a plane crash was received yesterday, and the wreckage of the plane was found in Afghanistan, near the city of Ürümqi.
They are trying to make war in the world, because they have no other way to get what they want.
The great leader who has been in power for a long time has lost the love of his people, who are tired of his rule.
They are not my friends, they are not my family, they are not my relatives, they are not my neighbors, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they are not my friends, they
We were in Iran during the dry season when we saw a woman who was carrying a big basket of falafel, but she was also carrying a small basket of falafel, and she was going to Armenia, and she had 168 nights to get there.
I have been walking under the sun since morning in Mashhad, I have been eating falafel for three days now.
Aerosmith is coming to our country to take care of you and your family.
The rock group will perform in the stadium on September 16 in both China and Canada.
Steven Tyler's fume was too much for the audience to handle on stage at the 5th Ut concert.
Murray is not going to eat a piece of meat from the first day of the new year with a woman who has been married for a year and a half, but she will eat a piece of meat from the first day of the old year with a woman who has been married for a year and a half.
Del Porto is a place where you can find a beautiful set of beaches, but unfortunately, it's a place where you can't find a beach with a 6-6 score.
I have a match with a big Potro, but I'm not going to give him a chance to win.
Meet me at 20h30 sharp. Be there at 15.00 UTC.
I am not a thief, nor a beggar, but I thank Shri Shyam.
The waykat of Sanju Sharma is in the evening with Jai Shankar Choudhary. We will have a non-stop bhog bhajan. The waykat of Raju Khandelwal is in the morning with us.
The people are tired, it's Lakkha Singh who is going to take care of the situation.
I have 108 names, one of which is Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 names of the goddess, 12 names of the moon, 8 names of the wind, 8 names of the sun, 2 names of the earth and 1 name of the sky) of my husband, Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh gave us nine and a half hours of entertainment. Waykat, Raju Khandelwal made us laugh.
He was very happy to see Alexames in the world of Powu Tokyo, he was going to meet Nintendo Satoru Iwata in person and to see the whole thing in one go, he was going to buy a new console, the Nintendo Revolution.
We are in a situation where we have a command from the telecommunication, a command by the day of the festival, where we have a captain who has taken the lead of our team, and we are in a situation where we are going to face a big challenge, a big problem, a big obstacle, and we are going to have to be strong, to be brave, to be united, to be one, to be together, to be strong, to be brave, to be united, to be one, to be together.
We are tired of being treated like dogs, and we are fed up with being treated like animals.
Giancarlo Fisichella had a perfect control of the car, he was very fast and his driving was very smooth.
Fernando Alonso is a great driver, but he's not the best in the world, and that's why he's not the champion, because he doesn't have the standard of the best, and that's why he's not the one who wins the most races.
Michael Schumacher is no longer in the same league as Alonso, because he is no longer as sharp as he used to be in his prime.
"We are waiting for you, but you are not here, that's why we are going to the conference without you."
"Tomorrow, I will go to the market with you, and I will buy you a chicken."
I have 3 similar youtubes by, a camera by the yaboung woman and also a furit bar in the reserve room.
My friend, you have a very good definition of a taxi.
Seefu is a morning program with Dikk Bu NASA N. Wayne Hale Jr. and his wife, who says "li weesu diir bu soxal."
He swore to his friend that he would not overtake the car, but he was already going at 70km/h... and he didn't want to be left behind, so he stepped on the gas, and in a flash, he was in the middle of the road, with the car in front of him, and he was already in the middle of the traffic jam, and he was already in a state of great anxiety, and he was already in a state of great panic.
My mother used to tell me, "If you want to have children, you have to be willing to take care of them," Arman Versace said.
NHK is reporting that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture is leaking radioactive water into the sea.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. will build a nuclear power plant in the Shika area of the Tottori prefecture.
I have a news to tell you, if I have 9400 CFA francs, I will buy a goat for 100 CFA francs and I will still have 9300 CFA francs.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase it in Wolof?
We are not in the same situation as before.
We are tired of being treated like dogs in our own country.
We are tired of waiting for you, and we have been waiting for 30 days now, but you have not shown up yet.
We are not in the same boat, and we do not row in the same direction.
I am not a woman, but a man who has seen many things, and I have learned much from my experiences, and I have been to many schools and learned many things.
The crystals you see in the powder are melamine and cyanide acid.
The thing that is being done is to analyze the chemical composition of the powder that is in the container using a device called an infrared spectrometer (FTIR).
I am tired of being treated like a commodity in Central America, and I am fed up with being sold in this market.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
The rich man is like a flower that blooms in the shade; the poor man is like a flower that withers in the sun.
I am not a fool, I am not a fool, I am not a fool.
I don't understand what you're saying.
I have a big day today, I'm going to watch a movie on my phone, but I'm going to buy a new one in California for $18, and I'm going to sell my old one for $1000.
The Bànkaas of Tuumalaatee, Keir Starmer QC, was in court yesterday, defending Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne is the one who is going to replace Ed Davey MP in the Cabinet. Norman Lamb MP is going to take over as the new Minister after Davey's departure.
Chris Huhne was a member of the Liberal Democrat Party in the British Parliament, representing the constituency of Cambridge, from 16 February.
Nicolas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21, were both seen again. Cuddeback is also on the run.
Edgar Véguilla was operated on at the Loxo Clinic by Dr. Christoph Schneider, who had previously operated on me.
I was born in a small village, where I learned to cut wood with a machete, a knife, a saw, and a drill. The sawyer is a man who cuts wood with a saw, a man who cuts wood with a saw, a man who cuts wood with a saw, and a man who cuts wood with a saw.
Schneider, you are a year old, and you are going to learn how to ride a bike, and you are going to be a great rider like the Americans in the city.
The Weesu Xew-Xewu Alarba, Carpanedo is a competition where the eight players are divided into two groups of four, and they compete against each other.
The slalom is too difficult for me, I'm tired of Yeggali, I'm going to take a break. 36 years old and I have 116 problems, that's the result of my life.
In the giant slalom, the first run by her was in 4:41.30, 2:11. the second run was similar to the first run by Austrian Claudia Loesch in 1:09.02, the first run by Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani was also similar.
I was 25 years old when I won my first ski in the Laajj competition, at 45 years old in the Giant Slalom in the Raw Gaddu.
The police station is in the middle of the road, with a portable phone booth.
The President of the Inspection Bureau of D. K. Arya said: "I am not a magician, I am a civil servant of the Swiss type, I have a portable phone and an order book."
We are the children of God, the children of the earth, the children of the sky, the children of the wind, and the children of the sun.
Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the police chief, was also a skilled artist, and his paintings were highly valued in the city market.
If I had a horse, I would give it eight hours a day to graze in the green meadow.
My friend, I'm going to tell you a story that will make you laugh.
I am very happy to have a beautiful wife like you, and I am proud to have a beautiful car like an Audi TT.
This is the grave of James Paget in Great Yarmouth where he was buried.
I am going to the hospital at Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
The Booba ba leegi Adekoya is a woman who has been married to a sheriff from Edinburgh and she is now pregnant with a child.
I am tired of being treated unfairly, but I will not give up, because I know that one day I will be free.
I don't have anything to say to you, but I want you to know that I am from England, and I have come to see you. I have a bag with me, and inside it, there are some sweets that I want to give you.
Pamela Ferguson was a student at Dundee High School when she wrote a letter to the editor saying "The task of telling you all about my experiences in this country is too great for my pen to accomplish in this short space."
The Crown Bureau, my mother is tired of being on top of you, journalists are not happy with the way you are treating your files.
We were born in the shade, our childhood was in the darkness, our youth in the force, and our adulthood in the violence, in Palestine, our childhood in the occupation, in the Middle East since 1967.
We have conquered for you this land, and we will give it to you as a present. The king of Jerusalem will give you a present, and you will take the best of it. The king of the valley of Sordani will give you a present.
Israel is a great place to live, but it's very expensive, and the cost of living is very high, and the people are very nice, and the food is very good, and the weather is very nice, and the culture is very rich, and the history is very deep, and the people are very friendly, and the language is very beautiful, and the music is very nice, and the dance is very beautiful, and the art is very nice, and the architecture is very beautiful, and the food is very delicious, and the people are very welcoming, and the country is very beautiful, and the people are very proud, and the culture is very rich, and the history is very deep, and the people are very friendly, and the language is very beautiful, and the music is very nice, and the dance is very beautiful, and the art is very nice, and the architecture is very beautiful, and the food is very delicious, and the people are very welcoming, and the country is very beautiful, and the people are very proud.
We are tired of being treated like dogs, we are tired of being treated like parasites, we are tired of being treated like outlaws, we are tired of being treated like thieves, and we are tired of being treated like traitors.
I am a volunteer for the New South Wales (NSW) Inc, seeking a suitable place to live.
It's a sad day for the park as Mick O'Flynn, Acting Director of Park Conservation and Heritage and NPWS, has announced his retirement after 30 years of service to the park.
Michel Martelly was elected by the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) without a second round.
They are saying that Martelly is not going to be president.
We are in a difficult situation, we are in a big trouble, we are in a great danger, we are in a very bad situation, we are in a situation that is not good for us, we are in a situation that is not good for our country, we are in a situation that is not good for our people.
The Commission is not satisfied with the response of Martelly to the demands of the opposition in the face of the crisis that has been going on since October.
He was in power since the coup of 1980.
He took 60 iPods from the bag and put them in the other bag, and he took 1000 francs from the bag and put them in the other bag.
The Minister of the Wall of Koom-koom Njaay and Industry (METI) has announced that the budget for the year 2027 is 27 billion CFA francs.
I'm not in the mood for this, METI is an example of an Apple example that has been around for 34 years, but it's a "dead" thing.
The Minister is very tired and will not be able to "work hard" because the Apple computer is very slow.
The sun rose at 07h19 in the morning of Marian in the village of Dëkk bi.
The president of the Northern Mariana Islands is not in the country and is currently in the United States.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center has issued a warning of a tsunami.
They took the Filipino boat to Hong Kong, and from there they went to Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired a shot with an M16 at a tourist.
I am tired of your lies, you are a liar, I am fed up with your lies.
I was born in the village, and I have a house and a garden, where I go to rest, and I have a camera like a Filipino photographer.
We are not in the natal season, we are not in the season of the harvest, we are not in the season of the dry season, we are in the season of the dry season. Boom, we are Mendoza.
The people of the village are tired of the noise of the trucks.
The Dafa Tàggatu was a ship that sailed from the port of Fajkatu to the port of Bërëbu, then to the port of Auckland in 1959.
I am tired of this world where Liggins is in power and the world is in a state of chaos and darkness.
We are looking for a loan in the city, but we are not sure if we will be able to repay it.
The black box of the plane is in the fourth compartment.
I am going to the beach with my friends tomorrow at night, under the moon.
Tommy Dreamer was called "Luna moonékkoon" because he was a child of the extreme. He was a child of the night. Luna was a child of the night who was very beautiful. The night was very dark. The child of the night was very sad.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels says, "Luna doyonna war ni man…xeeyna sax luko ëpp…bëgg naa ko dina ko namm…fookni mongi ci bërëb bu dàq." translates to:
In 2010, about 1,400 people left Senegal to reach Australia, where they were detained for over a year after arriving in 2008.
Julia Gillard was the first woman to lead a federal election campaign in Australia in 2010, in a country that is a constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II as head of state.
I have 34 children, but I'm not a mother like Queen Elizabeth II of Australia.
In the year 29 of the Gregorian calendar, Australia was a republic of the left, but in the year 31 of the Gregorian calendar, Australia was a republic of the right.
I am a double Olympic champion in the 100m and 200m events, and a nine-time relay champion at the Commonwealth Games, but I am also a humble and modest person.
I am not a woman, I am a girl from the village of Soxla, and I am not married yet, because I am still young.
Curtis Cooper, the first black president of the College of Central Missouri, achieved a perfect 4.0 grade point average and was named the 25th Sam Walton Leadership Award winner.
You are a beautiful woman, but you are not in the habit of being seen in the streets of Dakar.
The comets are the first to see the beauty of the world in the eyes of the child.
We are not in the same league as the planets of the other world, our stars are small, our comets are few and our sun is not very bright.
He, 53, was taken to the hospital after being bitten by a dog that had been infected with rabies.
My mother is very proud of me, but she doesn't understand my politics.
I was born in the year 2016.
NextGen aircraft are part of the FAA's new generation of aircraft, which will not produce any emissions, with the exception of a small amount of kerosene, and will generate no carbon emissions.
We are waiting for satellite images to see if the storm is going to hit the radar or not, but we are not sure if it will reach the coast or not, and we are waiting for more information to confirm the news.
He was a great player, but he was also very expensive, he went to Wembley, he parked his car and he went to eat at a restaurant with his friends.
We are the last generation of our parents, the last ones who can tell the stories of our ancestors, and we are the first ones who can tell our own stories.
I don't have a translation for this sentence.
The Princeton University in the United States and the Uppsala University in Sweden have been studying the evolution of the Galapagos finches over four generations, since the endemic finch Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortis, and the immigrant finch, Geospiza conirostris.
I am not a thief, I am a thief of a moment. I am not a thief, I am a thief of a day.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a fool or a fool's child. I am not a fool, nor am I a fool's child.
My mother, I have a story to tell you. My mother, I have a secret to tell you, that I have seen a woman who has a beautiful face, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs, and a beautiful body, and a beautiful hair, and a beautiful eyes, and a beautiful mouth, and a beautiful nose, and a beautiful ears, and a beautiful neck, and a beautiful hands, and a beautiful feet, and a beautiful legs,
I am a chemist, I am very happy. I have a very good laboratory, it is well equipped with all the necessary instruments.
The earth is not a place to be taken lightly, it is a place of great power, like a strong man.
The higher the pH level, the more hydrogen ions (H+) are produced by the chemical product.
The ion has one more proton than the number of electrons (in the hydrogen atom, one proton and one electron).
The people of the village were very happy, but they were also very sad, because they had lost their beautiful and strong ox, and they were crying for their dear friend who had died.
It's a beautiful day when you see a cat in a hat, with a hat on its head, and a hat on its tail.
The Harappans and the people of Mohenjo-Daro and Chanhu-daro were the first to have a system of writing, and they were the first to have a system of writing that was not based on the writing of the Sumerians.
The Minoan civilization flourished in Crete and Santorini in ancient Greece.
In the time of the Pharaohs of Egypt, Persia, and China, the Roman Empire was at its peak, with its power and wealth spreading far and wide, its armies marching to conquer new lands, its people living in grandeur and its gods worshipped with great devotion.
I am going to soar to a height of 6 kilometers, yes, I am going to reach the satellite.
The satellite is not in the sky, but in the heart of the people, in the depth of the soul, in the heart of the people, in the depth of the soul.
The rocket will reach the satellite by the end of the day. Scientists are using a telescope to study the atmosphere, which is very clear today, with no clouds in sight.
We are not going to buy a car that costs 100 tanks of fuel to run for a day or a night without a battery.
We are the children of the earth, we are the children of the sea. We are the children of the wind, we are the children of the sun.
We are six, we are women, we are the ones who carry the children and the ones who bear the burden.
I am not a woman, I am a man, I am not a child, I am a man, I am not a boy, I am a man, I am not a youth, I am a man, I am not a young man, I am a man, I am not a man of the village, I am a man, I am not a man of the city, I am a man, I am not a man of the forest, I am a man, I am not a man of the savannah, I am a man, I am not a man of the mountains, I am a man, I am not a man of the sea, I am a man.
This is a difficult task, but I will do it with all my might (I will take all my might to do it) I will take the first step, I will take the second step, I will take the third step, I will take the fourth step, I will take the fifth step.
The secret of the wise man is that he knows in advance what the fool will do.
The world is not a garden that you can enter and pick whatever you want, and then leave.
I am a child of the earth, born of the earth and of the sky, and of the water.
You are the one who has been chosen to be the leader, and you will be the one to take care of the people, and you will be the one to make the people happy, and you will be the one to protect the people.
I am a poor man, I have no money, but I have a wife who is a good woman, and a child who is a boy, and a cow that gives milk, and a hen that lays eggs.
The tiger is very angry, I'm going to take a picture of it (I'm going to take a picture of it in the noon), I'm going to eat, I'm going to take a nap, I'm going to take a picture of the big cat, I'm going to take a picture of the big cat in the noon.
The people of the group of Ségg Bi, led by Xeetu Panteer, were armed with guns, rifles, and machetes. They were also equipped with modern weapons.
The world is a mirror, and we are all its images.
We are tired of being treated like dogs in the street. We want a house, a home, a decent place to live and a proper meal to eat. We are not asking for much, just a place to live like human beings, not like dogs.
The people of the world are not all the same, but we are all human beings, and we all have the same rights.
My dear, I don't have a single thing to eat, I'm so hungry, I'm dying of hunger, really. Ocelots are not as good as the ones we have here, and their meat is not as good as the one we have here, it's not as good.
He who is not careful with his words will be eaten by his words (he who is not careful with his words will be devoured by his words, or he who is not careful with his words will be consumed by his words).
You are a woman, but you are not a woman of the world, you are a woman of the village, and you are not a woman of the city, you are a woman of the bush.
We are going to make a big change in our lives, and we will see the results in the future.
I am tired, I am not going to be like you, I am not going to be like you, I am going to be different from you, I am going to be different from you.
In the depths of the night, Dundee's stars shine brightly in the sky, while the moon casts a silver glow on the land, and the wind whispers secrets to the trees, which listen with leaves that rustle with the songs of the night.
The concept of speciation is a very interesting one, but it's a bit complicated. Speciation is the process by which new species emerge from existing ones, and it's a complex process that involves many factors, including genetic drift, mutation, and natural selection.
The tree absorbs oxygen from the air, and releases carbon dioxide from its leaves (moor, noor).
The tree is doing photosynthesis. It's doing well.
The people of the village are not happy with the new government, the people of the village are not happy with the new government. The people are tired of the government's actions, the people are tired of the government's actions. We are fed up with the government's corruption, we are fed up with the government's corruption. We want a new government, we want a new government.
The earth is a ball that floats in the water, and we are on it, and we are all in a great jam, and we are all in a great mess, and we are all in a great trouble.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, and I am fed up with being treated like a child, and I am not going to be fooled again.
If you don't see the letter, look for it in the alphabet, if it's not in the alphabet, it's not a letter.
My dog is more loyal than you; you are not as good as T. rex.
If you were to go to Rome, you would see a lot of things that you would not see here, such as a wild boar, a rabbit, an escargot, and a lot of other things that are not found here.
When I was young, I used to go to the market with my mother, but the old man would always tell us to go home, saying that we were too young to go to the market, and that we should stay home and rest.
I am from the ancient Rome of the past, but I am not in Europe, America, or Asia.
I have no mango, no papaya, no watermelon, no coconut, but I have a big Rome apple.
The children of the world are crying for bread, but the bread is being made into a stone.
It is not the first time that I see a priest who is more interested in his appearance than in the people he serves, a priest who is more concerned with his appearance than with the people he serves, and who is more concerned with his appearance than with the people he serves, and who is more concerned with his appearance than with the people he serves.
The world is not a garden that one enters and picks what one wants, and leaves what one doesn't want.
You have a box in your hand, you see a zigurat, then you have a box in your hand and you see a temple.
The cat is sleeping in the shade of the house.
If you want to be a great man, you have to begin with the small acts.
He is the only one who has a Hebrew passport among us.
I am very tired of this life; the store is already closed, but I have to count my losses. I am going to have to pay the price for this mistake.
Moses took his wife and his two sons, and he got into a donkey's saddle.
Greenland was discovered by the Norseman Erik the Red who sailed west from Iceland in search of new land, and he named it Greenland to entice settlers to come there, but the land turned out to be quite icy and cold.
My mother is a great woman in the world of photography.
Don't rewrite the rules of the game, I was already playing with you, but now I'm going to play with the whole of Scandinavia, from the north to the south, from the sea to the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Ireland.
I'm not familiar with this specific Wolof phrase, could you please provide more context or break it down into smaller parts?
I'm sorry, I don't understand that command. Please translate the sentence.
This is a famous phrase in Wolof: "Yëgle moom sa bopp bu wóor judd ci ñent fann c weeru Sulet 1776". I am not a fan of this phrase, but I will explain it to you.
If I have a hundred thousand cows, I will not be satisfied until I have two hundred thousand, and if I have two hundred thousand cows, I will not be satisfied until I have three hundred thousand.
I don't understand what you're saying.
The French have a beautiful ship that has a very beautiful deck, but the ordinary people are very poor.
"Vichy" was the capital of France occupied by Germany. And in France, we were under the yoke of the German occupation from 1940 until liberation and until the end of the war.
It was on 15 August 1940, that the Kureelu Mbootayub Xeet was taken by the French colonial administration, under the name 'Sëfu wayma jaan'.
They are young Americans who are selling Free French newspapers in France today.
If you want to be a true member of a group, you have to be willing to share your food with others in the group, and to be cooperative, and to ask for help when you need it.
The white man is a civilized man from the Latin civilization, he is a white man, his city is a Latin city, he is a citizen of the Latin city, he is a man of the city or a free black man, that is why he is a social elite.
I am tired of being treated unfairly. Since I was born, I have been living in a society where I am treated like an animal. I have been living in a society where I am treated like an animal. I am tired of being treated unfairly, and I am not going to take it anymore.
I am also a little tired of you saying that you are going to leave me for another friend you love in the world to marry to take care of you and your family.
This is a very old story, from a time when the world was young – before the great gathering – when the earth was still new and the trees were still small.
The people are tired of being oppressed, and they want to be free, but they are afraid of the consequences, and they are looking for a way out, and they are waiting for the right moment to take action.
We are tired of being treated like dogs.
It is a long time since I have seen you, and I am happy to see you now.
The Italian national football team, one of the best national teams in the world, was eliminated by the German team in the second round of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
These are the sports that I like: football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, road cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1.
The old man was tired of his life in the village, and the Italians were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the village, and they were tired of their life in the
Japan has about 7,000 islands (including the largest island Honshu), and the total area of Japan is about 7/8 of the area of Europe.
I am not a Sopong, but I am a part of the royal Sopong, a group of people who are interested in geography, like the "Archipel"
Taiwan is a small island in the Pacific Ocean, located southeast of the Asian continent, and is also known as Formosa, or the beautiful island.
There were 1624, Këru Liggéeyukaay was born in the Indé region and grew up in the city of Dakar, he learned Chinese in a school in Taipei, Taiwan, he was very good at Chinese and he was also very good at the computer and the internet.
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) sent a mission to Taiwan, and in 1885, the Qing dynasty annexed Taiwan.
In 1895, the war between the First Chinese Republic and the Second French Republic (1894-1895) ended with the Qing dynasty's defeat at the hands of Japan in the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which it ruled until 1945.
Machu Picchu is a place of great beauty, a place of wonder, the Intihuatana, the stone of the sun, the place where the sun rises, the place where the sun sets, the place of the great stone.
You are very beautiful in this beautiful house, but I am not happy to see you with that man, because I love you more than anyone else.
In 1976, I was already dreaming of visiting Machu Picchu, but I was too poor to travel.
This is a photo, a true Christmas gift, taken with a 35mm camera, a relic from our bygone era of analog photography.
I am not looking for a new phone, I just want to be able to use my current one solo, without any additional features like a fingerprint sensor or a digital camera.
I have 35mm film in my camera, which is very good, 36mm is for the slide projector and 24mm is for the movie.
The ratio of men to women in this format is (approximately) 3:2.
I am not a politician (I am a simple example) but I will tell you the truth, or at least my truth.
We are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be able to eat the Fulani's food, we are going to make our own recipe, we are not going to be
I am not going to marry a man who is not a Muslim just to please my parents, I will not marry a man who is not a Muslim, even if it means I remain single.
We are tired of the injustices of Orop, the Jangu Catholic is not happy, we are tired of the poverty that has been with us for a long time, and we are not satisfied with the way things are going.
It is not by chance that Christianity has spread to Europe, but rather it was brought by the apostles to the ends of the earth, to the farthest reaches of the world, and to the most remote places.
The earth is round, but the sky is higher.
We are in the presence of a prince who is very proud of his ancestors, and he is very angry that his family's honor is being questioned by someone who is not from his family.
I am a true Wolof, my blood is from Rome, I am a descendant of the great Junniy, and I am proud to be a warrior with a strong and noble spirit, and I am guided by the principles of good.
In the past, the English used to be in the same league as the French, but now they are in a different league from the French.
I am tired of being treated unfairly, I am tired of being rejected by those who should offer me aid, I am tired of being called a bad name. I am bigger than I was eight years ago, I am bigger than I was ten years ago. I am bigger than I was twenty years ago.
The French exploited the land of the Wolof as far as the eye can see, and the sea is their border.
I am not used to eating this kind of food, Germany is a country where you can find everything you want in a restaurant.
In 1920, Jefrin Bu Genoune was the first black man to enter the city of Dakar, Senegal, and to marry a white woman.
The world is going to end in a year, the earth is going to be destroyed in a month, the sky is going to fall in a week, and the sun is going to burn in a day.
In 1884, Tesla was working for the Edison Company in New York City.
The American inventor Thomas Edison was born in Milan, Ohio, on February 11, 1847, to Samuel and Nancy Edison.
If in the past there was a king who had a great many children, the king would give to the eldest son the kingdom, and to the others a portion of the kingdom, or a province, or a city, or a village, or a house, or a field, or a tree, or a rock, or a stone, or a pebble, or a grain of rice, or a drop of water, or a ray of light, or a sound, or a smell, or a taste, or a touch, or a thought, or a dream, or a wish, or a prayer, or a blessing, or a curse, or a spell, or a charm, or a magic, or a wonder, or a marvel, or a miracle, or a mystery, or an enigma, or a riddle, or a puzzle, or a game, or a play, or a story, or a legend, or a myth, or a fairy tale, or a fable, or a parable, or a proverb, or a saying, or a phrase, or a word, or a letter, or a sign, or a symbol, or a mark, or a brand, or a stamp, or a seal, or a signature, or a name, or a title, or a label, or a tag, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a sticker, or a
In the distant dynasty you are, after the Jaxasoo day, the province you have conquered. By the time the Gëna tree was seen, the mooy was already in the diiru Ñatti Kingdom, which was in the diiru 60 years, and the Han dynasty and the Jin dynasty.
This is a very old story, but I will tell it to you.
Three Kingdoms yi moo nekkoon jamono gi gëna tar ci jaar jaaru Siin gu Yàgg ay junni junniy nit ñi dee ci xeex ngir jël nguur gi ci bërëb bu rëy ci Xi’an.
I am a social and political activist who rejects the meritocratic system, preferring absolute democracy in the Republic, nationalism that is not based on the color of my skin, and a society where everyone is equal.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
The French Revolution was carried out with the utmost speed, and the people were so excited that they were all talking about it everywhere.
The moon of Muhammad is in the seventh heaven. The name of the star is 'Hira' in the constellation of 'Noor' (light) in the darkness.
The Prophet (peace be upon him) said, "The earth is green and beautiful, and Allah has made it green and beautiful."
We are going to the land of the Prophet Muhammad, the path is long and the journey is difficult.
My friend, I'm not going to tell you anything, but I'm going to tell you that I'm not going to tell you anything.
In the month of the new moon, the people of the village are busy with their daily activities, from the early morning to the late evening. But in the evening, when the sun sets, the people gather in the village square, where the elderly men sit and tell stories of the past.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
In Egypt, there is a great temple in the city of JC, the Pyramid of Mag is very beautiful, it is a great pyramid that has been built by the great Pharaoh Firawn.
The Giza Plateau, or the Giza Necropolis, is a part of the city of Egypt where the great pyramid of Giza (the largest of the three pyramids) stands, along with its smaller sister pyramids, and the Great Sphinx of Giza.
The king did not build the pyramid of the great mother of the pharaoh of Khéops and the smaller pyramid of the son, the temple of the great mother of the pharaoh of Khéops and the son.
The people of the village are saying "up bow" by the old man, and "down bow" by the old man, but we are saying "amul wetu suuf" which is our way.
This is a story of a man who was a great warrior, and his wife was a great warrior too.
I am not a woman, but I am a woman of the future, and I am not a man, but I am a man of the past.
The girl took a pencil, but she had no paper to write on, so she used her hand to draw, her music was a taxicab, her dance was a war dance.
King Louis XVI had two daughters, King Louis's daughters were Marie Antoinette's children (Marie Therese was born on December 19 and Louis-Charles was born on November 27) and the king's wife, Madame Elizabeth, had a child, a boy, on October 6, 1789, the king's wife's child was born in Paris, not in Versailles.
It's a beautiful day, and I'm going to take a walk in Paris, but I'm not going to go to the store because I'm going to buy something at the market in the morning, and I'm going to eat at the house of my friend, the Bur and the Lingeer.
I am not afraid of a big dog or a little girl, but I am afraid of a big man.
I have been living in this world since I was a child, and I have seen the beautiful Versailles palace, but I have never seen such a beautiful thing as this.
The Chinese imperialism of the Etaa Sini is doing business in the Philippines, which is a Filipino in the second class.
They are looking for a place to stay in the American colony of New York, but they are too expensive for them to afford, and they are going to settle in the Philippines instead, where they can live in Wall Street.
The West is, a beautiful flower that has been planted in the soil of the Philippines for a long time, and it has grown and flourished under the care of imperialism by America.
To the Templar Templier, I give you this order, and I will not change it.
In my opinion, the modern Wolof language is a descendant of the Old Wolof language spoken in the Middle Ages of the Wolof Kingdom around the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (Ginaaw JC 1000–1300).
The Middle Ages were a time of great change, and in the Middle Ages, there were many great things that happened, but the Middle Ages were also a time of great struggle, and in the Middle Ages, there were many great people who lived, but the Middle Ages were also a time of great war, and around 1500, many great things were happening.
The world is a beautiful place to live in, but it is also a place where you can get hurt, where you can get tired, where you can get sick, where you can get old, where you can get poor, where you can get rich, where you can get happy, where you can get sad, where you can get married, where you can get divorced, where you can get a child, where you can get an old age, where you can get a death, where you can get a life, where you can get a love, where you can get a hate, where you can get a war, where you can get a peace, where you can get a joy, where you can get a sorrow, where you can get a friend, where you can get an enemy, where you can get a family, where you can get a stranger, where you can get a home, where you can get a house, where you can get a car, where you can get a bike, where you can get a plane, where you can get a boat, where you can get a train, where you can get a bus, where you can get a taxi, where you can get a hotel, where you can get a restaurant, where you can get a shop, where you can get a market, where you can get a school, where you can get a university, where you can get a hospital, where you can get a clinic, where you can get a pharmacy, where you can get a bank, where you can get a post office, where you can get a police station, where you can get a fire station, where you can get a library, where you can get a park, where you can get a garden, where you can get a forest, where you can get a mountain, where you can get a river, where you can get a lake, where you can get a sea, where you can get a desert, where you can get a jungle, where you can get a city, where you can get a town, where you can get a village, where you can get a farm, where you can get a field, where you can get a house, where you can get a home, where you can get a family, where you can get a friend, where you can get a love, where you can get a hate, where you can get a war, where you can get a peace, where you can get a joy, where you can get a sorrow, where you can get a child, where you can get an old age, where you can get a death, where you can get a life, where you can get a love, where you can get a hate, where you can get a war, where you can get a peace, where you can get a joy, where you can get a sorrow, where you can get a friend, where you can get an enemy, where you can get a family, where you can get a stranger, where you can get a home, where you can get a house, where you can get a car, where you can get a bike, where you can get a plane, where you can get a boat, where you can get a train, where you can get a bus, where you can get a taxi, where you can get a hotel, where you can get a restaurant, where you can get a shop, where you can get a market, where you can get a school, where you can get a university, where you can get a hospital, where you can get a clinic, where you can get a pharmacy, where you can get a bank, where you can get a post office, where you can get a police station, where you can get a fire station, where you can get a library, where you can get a park, where you can get a garden, where you can get a forest, where you can get a mountain, where you can get a river, where you can get a lake, where you can get a sea, where you can get a desert, where you can get a jungle, where you can get a city, where you can get a town, where you can get a village, where you can get a farm, where you can get a field, where you can get a house, where you can get a home, where you can get a family, where you can get a friend, where you can get a love, where you can get a hate, where you can get a war, where you can get a peace, where you can get a joy, where you can get a sorrow, where you can get a child, where you can get an old age, where you can get a death, where you can get a life, where you can get a love, where you can get a hate, where you can get a war, where you can get a peace, where you can get a joy, where you can get a sorrow, where you can get a friend, where you can get an enemy, where you can
We are not in the same boat as you, but we are in the same storm: we are not in the same boat as you in terms of politics or in terms of our social status, but we are in the same storm in terms of our economic situation, in terms of our poverty, in terms of our lack of opportunities.
I have a problem, I don't have a penny to buy a small thing.
We are not in the same situation as before, but we are in a similar situation. We are not in the same situation as before, but we are in a similar situation.
You are not a true friend if you don't respect the other person's time, if you don't respect the other person's work, if you don't respect the other person's family.
Romanticism was born in the heart of Europe, but it was Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel who nurtured it.
This is a romanticism, a beautiful thing that we don't have in this era, it's a thing of the past that we can only see in the movies, and we have a lot of problems in our lives, we are not happy, we are not at peace.
This is Paris where we were born and raised, Constantinople is now called Istanbul where we were raised and grew up in Europe.
It is said that the city of Kaymor was founded around 400 AD to the west of the city of Kaymor around 1100 AD.
The day will come when I will be able to walk on the 12th floor of a building without anyone noticing me, to be able to go in and out of a house without anyone seeing me, to be able to take a woman without her knowing it, to be able to take a man without him knowing it, to be able to take a child without anyone knowing it, to be able to take a sheep without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a cow without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a chicken without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a goat without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a horse without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a camel without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a donkey without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a mule without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a dog without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a cat without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a bird without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a fish without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a snake without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a mouse without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a rat without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a lizard without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a frog without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a turtle without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a crocodile without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a monkey without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a lion without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a tiger without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a leopard without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a bear without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a rabbit without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a squirrel without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a deer without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a sheep without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a cow without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a chicken without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a goat without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a horse without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a camel without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a donkey without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a mule without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a dog without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a cat without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a bird without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a fish without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a snake without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a mouse without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a rat without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a lizard without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a frog without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a turtle without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a crocodile without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a monkey without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a lion without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a tiger without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a leopard without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a bear without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a rabbit without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a squirrel without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a deer without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a sheep without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a cow without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a chicken without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a goat without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a horse without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a camel without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a donkey without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a mule without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a dog without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a cat without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a bird without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a fish without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a snake without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a mouse without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a rat without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a lizard without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a frog without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a turtle without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a crocodile without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a monkey without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a lion without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a tiger without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a leopard without anyone noticing it, to be able to take a bear without anyone seeing it, to be able to take a rabbit without anyone noticing it, to be
This city is more beautiful than the other, the Fashion Capital, by the other Constantinople, than the other Paris, it is a wonder.
We are the last generation of the old world, and we are the first generation of the new world.
We are not in the Byzantine Empire anymore, we are in the modern world.
My friend, I have a problem with you, I have a problem with you, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are a problem to me, you are
In the Middle Ages, the Europeans went to war, in Europe they made a great campaign. They were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the Xhosa people's wealth, in the land of the Xhosa, they were looking for the X
I am tired of being in this situation where I am always being scolded and criticized by people who don't even know me.
In Dundee, the city is beautiful, the people are lovely, life is good, and the women are very beautiful, but the men are very proud, and the women are very proud too, and the men are very proud of their women, and the women are very proud of their men.
This is a story of a man who was very poor and lived in a small village surrounded by a forest.
He is very happy to have a beautiful day, but he is also very tired from the night before.
The world is not enough for one person to have all the time, at home, in the house, in the village, or in the city, and that's why we have to share with others.
We are not in the same boat, we are not in the same category, we are not in the same religion, we are not in the same politics, we are not in the same era, we are not in the same social class, nor in the same economic status.
I am not in a hurry to get married, I am in no rush, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry to get married, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry, I am not in a hurry,
I have been in a situation where I was forced to flee my home, like a bird that has lost its nest, without a roof, without a bed, without a family, without a name, without a past, without a future, without a present, without a home, without a country, without a people, without a language, without a culture, without a history, without a memory, without a name, without a face, without a voice, without a heart, without a soul, without a body, without a life.
We are not in the habit of eating anything that's been dead. If we are not satisfied with one kind of food, we make another. If we don't get one thing, we get another. We are not in the habit of eating anything that's been dead.
If you don't take me now, I'll only be gone till tomorrow and if it rains, I'll be under your bed.
We are not in the same boat, but we are in the same storm.
If you are a woman, you will not be able to get married without a dowry, and if you are a man, you will not be able to get married without a bride price, and if you are a child, you will not be able to get married without a dowry, and if you are a woman, you will not be able to get married without a dowry, and if you are a man, you will not be able to get married without a bride price.
If I were a bird, I would fly to the place where you are, and I would sing a song of love for you.
The translation is:
I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, but I am tired of being with you, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and I am tired of being with you, but I will continue to be with you until you leave me, and
It's a virtual bubble that surrounds me, a shield that protects me from the world, a place where I am free to be myself, where I am not judged by anyone.
The world is not a playground for the young, but a place where the old have to work hard to survive.
My house is in a good environment, but I don't like my house, I prefer the one I have.
The foster care system is a place of refuge for children who have been abandoned or orphaned.
You are so beautiful, I am tired of being alone, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to be with you, I want to
The people are tired of the noise of the car that is going to the market.
The internet is a great tool for learning and growing, but it's not a substitute for human interaction and real-life experiences.
The world is not a stage, but a place where we live and struggle, and one person can't be a hero.
This missal, 'di jàng' or 'dëkkuwaay', is made from a mixture of palm oil and shea butter, which is used for anointing the body before going to the internet (James et al., 1995).
It is not clear, but 'di weyeel diggente yi' is quoted by Eighmey and McCord (1998) as saying that the internet is a new form of television.
The government has been making a lot of noise about the video, but in reality, it's just a small issue compared to the big problems we face every day.
My mother is not happy because I did not finish my homework well.
Oliver Sacks, he knew very well The president's Speech, but he didn't understand what he was saying because he had lost his hearing and his eyesight was also very poor.
The day will come when you will see the beauty of a man who has been transformed by his own hands, and you will not be able to read the book of his life without tears.
I am looking for a partner in a long-term relationship, but I am not interested in a relationship with a partner who is already married or has children.
The soppaliku is in the dafay indi, and the wuute is in the bees. The genetic code is in the tànneef, and the dafay dindi is in the mbir. The bari is in the yuñ, and the jota is in the wax.
The people of the village were very happy when the young man brought back a big load of fish from the sea.
I am very ill, my stomach hurts a lot because of the food I ate, my digestive system is blocked, my intestines are swollen, my stomach is full of acid and I am very tired, I am in a lot of pain in my belly.
It's me, a woman who has come to visit you: a chicken, a hen, and a rooster.
I'm not hungry, I'm satisfied with my meal, I have enough protein from the vegetables and legumes, but I'm not going to eat more protein because I'm already full.
It's a bit of a long sentence, but here's the translation:
I'm tired of eating this 'protein' meal every day.
The Wolof people are known for their skill in making a small amount of food last for a long time, from 10 to 60 days, with a little oil.
I am a Wolof from the land of the Wolof, but I do not know what is in the heart of the Wolof.
I am tired of walking in the rain, I want to go home and rest, I am tired of being in the rain, I want to go home and rest.
I am tired of you always being in a bad rhythm, you are not a good influence on me, you are not a good companion, you are not a good friend, you are not a good partner, you are not a good anything, you are just a bad influence, you are just a bad companion, you are just a bad friend, you are just a bad partner, you are just a bad anything.
The people of the village are tired of the noise of the dog that has been barking since the day the young girl was bitten by the dog.
I love my Wolof language, I love my Wolof language that is in our ancestors' hearts. If I don't have a friend, I am not a human being, I am not a human being.
I am tired of being in this prison. I have been here for a long time, and I am fed up with the food they give me.
Buddhism in Tibet is a direct descendant of the teachings of the Buddha, and it is also influenced by Mahayana Buddhism, which is a more esoteric and mystical form of Buddhism. The practice of Yoga in India also influenced Tibetan Buddhism.
It's good, Buddhism is a way of life. I'm interested in Kundalini Yoga, meditation (prayer) and the union of the two in the body.
Kundalini Yoga, a practice of Kundalini (a serpent in the body) and the art of yoga, a science of the body, breath, and mind, with the use of postures, mantra, and sound.
The Tibetans call it Deity Yoga. When one practices the yoga of the elements, the elements of the earth, water, fire, air, and ether, one becomes like Yalla, the great god, and one's body becomes a temple, the chakras are the doors, and the breath is the key that opens them.
The story of Noon Bu, the great warrior of the Xare people of Wër, Addina. He was a hero who fought against the Soviet and American forces, and his bravery was unmatched. His people loved him, and his name was whispered in awe by the children of the village.
In the city of Dakar, I was a young boy, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run, I was always on the run,
The world is not a playground for the strong, but a school where we all learn together, and we must all be students, and we must all be teachers, and we must all be friends, and we must all be brothers and sisters, and we must all be one family, and we must all be one people, and we must all be one world, and we must all be one love.
In September 1939, the Polish army was surrounded by the Soviet army, and the Romanian border was closed to them.
Well, we would have been able to conquer the whole of it, but we were held back by the 800,000-strong Red Army of the Soviet Union, which was entrenched in Belarus and Ukraine, and we were unable to break through the Polish border at the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and the other agreements that were in place, which made it difficult for us to advance further.
I am not afraid of you, but I am afraid of your dogs, because they are very fierce and I am not strong enough to fight them.
The people of America are not happy with the current situation in our country, they are not satisfied with the way things are going, they are not happy with the current government and the way it is run.
They were supposed to be in the middle of a war, the Atlantic campaign of the Vichy France, the German occupation of Western Europe during WWII. But America came to their aid, and they were able to join the Allied forces in the Atlantic, along with the English.
I am tired, it is a war that the Germans are waging against submarines in the Atlantic traffic.
The Allies (farrandooyi) are in a hurry, Almañ is not going to give up her gun to the British in this Europe.
It's a lie that the price of a bottle of water is 10,000 times that of a bottle of oil in the city of Montañu Zagros in Iran.
The children of the world are not in the hands of the adults, but in the hands of God.
We are tired of this bitter struggle, and we are fed up with the injustices that we suffer every day. We are tired of being treated like animals, of being treated like dogs, of being treated like slaves. We are tired of being oppressed, of being exploited, of being treated like nothing. We are tired of being treated like this, and we are fed up with the injustices that we suffer every day.
You speak very good English for a 16-year-old boy.
If you were to take a walk in the forest, you would see many birds singing their songs, but if you were to take a walk in the city, you would hear many people speaking their languages.
If I were to be a king, I would make the train run, and I would not make the camel run, because the camel is not a train.
I don't have a father, but I have a mother who is very beautiful, and I am very happy to have her.
This is a story, it is not true that I am a woman, I am a man. This is 1767, this is the story of a great warrior who was born in the village of Weñ.
They had a thick bone in the neck, not to be confused with the bone of a bird, and an arm bone of a man of the species Homo erectus (or a gorilla's arm bone).
I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm just an Australopithecine from a faraway land.
Good, good in this Bipedal valley there was in the Australopithecus a time of 4.2-3.9 million years ago, but then Sahelanthropus meena was already there, and it was already a human being.
We are tired of waiting for you, we are tired of being fooled by your words, we are tired of your promises that are not kept, we are tired of your lies that are not true.
I am tired of being a stranger in my own land. Don't you think that we are tired of being treated like strangers in our own land? We are not beggars, we are not thieves, we are not robbers, we are not liars.
This is a story that has no end, because I am always looking for something new to tell you, and I am never satisfied with what I have already said.
The first signature was that of John Hancock, the president of the Continental Congress, who signed with great flourish, followed by Charles Thomson, the secretary of the Continental Congress, who signed with a small "x" and John Dunlap, the printer of the document.
This is a very good deal for 150 years and 200 souls, I will take it for "Dunlap broadsides".
John Nixon's speech was the last to be delivered before Independence Hall in Philadelphia on the 4th of July, 1826.
We were six in the group, George Washington, and we were nine in the group. We were in London until October 10.
25 years ago, Dunlap was a young man who was very happy to be in the city with his friends. The city was very beautiful and full of life.
Paleontologist you have taken us to a place where we see a real dinosaur bone, in the same place, we see a real fossil.
You are not a dinosaur, you are a human being, and you are not going to live forever.
I want to be like a lion in the forest, a dinosaur in the city.
Thank you very much for your wonderful gift to me and to my wife, and thank you also for the dinosaur toy, a T-Rex.
This is a very long sentence, but I will translate it for you.
He is a man of binary numbers, not a decimal number, neither 0 nor 1, but the number you are talking about is a binary digit - or bit, in computer science.
We are tired of drinking beer in the same place. We are tired of eating the same food in the same place.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I am tired of being treated like a fool by people who are smarter than me.
The earth is not a burden to the one who has a good understanding of it.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
We are not in the same place, and we are not in the same time.
She is Etaa Sini from America, and she has MS, a disease of the brain and spinal cord, which has caused her to be paralyzed from the neck down and unable to walk.
My system is not perfect, I see that you are looking for something, but I don't know what you want, I have a good brain, but I'm not a spinal cord and I'm not an optical nerve.
I am tired and I have a big headache because of the many things I have to do, and I am not in a good mood.
I am not a woman, I am a man, and I am not a child, I am an adult.
I don't understand what you're saying.
This is our custom, when a man dies, his property is divided among his sons, but the eldest son gets a double share of the property.
The science of taxation is a complex one, and it's hard to understand how it works. The people who are supposed to pay taxes are often confused about how to do it.
The guest is a science that is not yet experienced by anyone, the experience of which is said to be that of someone who has not yet seen anything, nor heard anything, nor touched anything, nor tasted anything, nor smelled anything.
Naturalists are also found in the Bible in the Latin Vulgate.
The people of the land are not aware of the fact that Aristotle was a black man, and that he was born in a place called Ethiopia.
I am not Greek, I am Wolof, and I am proud of my culture and my language.
You have a very good rhythm, you're very good at understanding the physiology of the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that are in the wall, and you're also very good at understanding the things that
The periodic rhythm is, it is not like the periodic table of elements, but rather a periodic table of things that are around us, including the bar of soap, the bacteria, the mushrooms, the garbage, and the rabbits.
I am a biologist, I am not a doctor, I am not a professor, I am not a teacher, I am not a researcher, I am not a scientist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I am a biologist, I
Hershey and Chase were the first to show that DNA is necessary for the growth of bacteria.
Hershey and Chase proved that DNA is the genetic material, not the protein, by showing that it is the one that is transferred from one bacterium to another.
The damage of the sun is not good for the skin and the hair, and it is not good for the skin to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good for the skin and the hair to be in the sun for a long time, and it is not good
The people of the village are more afraid of the village's own dog than of the stranger's gun, for the dog is a familiar enemy, while the gun is an unknown threat.
I am tired of this poverty that has been suffocating me for a long time in this house, and I am fed up with this poverty that has been killing me or making me sick with cancer.
Tourism is a source of income for the natural beauty of our country, which attracts many tourists for its unique and profitable products, as well as all our beautiful and varied landscapes.
We are in the city, we are in the activity, we are in the forest, we are in the garden, we are in the park, we are in the market, we are in the ecosystem.
The cat is sleeping in the shade, under the Christmas tree, and the orangutan is in Borneo.
The world is not a garden that you can enter and pick whatever you like. If you want to eat the fruit, first you have to plant the tree and wait for it to grow.
This is a very old story, but I will tell it to you. It is about a man who was very poor and had no money. He had a wife and children, and they were all very hungry.
The Earth's climate is changing due to the accumulation of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which is causing the biosphere to become increasingly unstable.
I am tired of the old system of oppression in our society, and I am looking forward to a new system of freedom and equality.
We are tired of always looking at the same old things and never seeing anything new.
I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of life, I'm not used to this kind of
Traffic flow is very slow, it's a traffic jam, people are stuck in traffic, and some are even walking.
This is a very old story, a story of a very old man, who had a very old wife, and they had a very old son, and the son had a very old dog, and the dog was very old.
By God, we will take our time, but we will take it with the strength of a thousand men, and we will take it with the speed of a thousand horses, and we will take it with the power of a thousand lions.
The people of the world are very different from one another, each with their own unique characteristics: (1) their appearance, (2) their behavior, and (3) their customs.
The sun is setting in the west, I am tired and I want to go home.
We are not going to play with the ball today. We are going to play with the ball tomorrow at 3 o'clock.
I am not a child, I am a grown woman, and I will not be treated like a child.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase it?
I don't understand what you're saying.
I am at your service, I will give you the knowledge of Aristarchus, the ancient knowledge of the Solar System by the moon in the night.
I am not used to eating with my right hand, nor am I used to drinking with my left hand; but I am a Jolof man, and in Jolof, we do things differently; we are not like the people of the south.
The world is not a marketplace, where everything is bought and sold.
The Amazon river is the source of the water that flows into the sea of the South. The sun rises over the top of the mountain where the source of the water is.
I am Amazon, I have a long way to go, I have to walk 6 miles.
20% of the indigenous people of the Amazon region are in danger of extinction.
The Amazon River is approximately 6,387km (3,980 miles) long. The river flows through the month of June.
The pyramid of Djoser is older than the pyramids of the Old Kingdom, the Pyramid of Giza is the oldest of the pyramids of the great pyramid of Saqqara.
The Egyptians were the first to use the blacksmith's art in the world, and they were the first to make iron tools in the golden age of the world.
The Vatican is a place where people from all over the world come to pray. But the Vatican is also a place where people come to see the Pope and to be seen by the Pope in the world.
The Italian government has been accused of being complicit in the torture of a young Senegalese woman in Italy.
The Wolof language is a beautiful one, but I don't understand it.
The Vatican City is a Roman Catholic state.
If you were to take a walk in the forest, you would see a beautiful chemical reaction, a lovely, a beautiful, and a natural mixture of the earth and the sky, because you have no idea how much the earth and the sky are mixed together in nature, but in the forest, you see a beautiful mixture of the earth and the sky, and a beautiful mixture of the earth and the sky, and a beautiful mixture of the earth and the sky.
Aristotle, he was a great man, he was a great teacher, he was a great philosopher. He was a man of great knowledge, he was a man of great wisdom, he was a man of great power. He was a man of great wealth, he was a man of great fame, he was a man of great reputation.
The people of the village are very happy (especially the children): they dance, they sing, they play with the ball, they run with the stick, and they do everything with joy in their hearts.
We are going to learn about the periodic table.
I'm not used to eating calcium and potassium in this food. It's too much, I'm not used to eating such strong things.
I don't understand this sentence.
The people of Dénd are tired of the lies of the leader. The people are tired of the lies of the leader, who has been deceiving them for a long time.
The atom is too small to see, and I am too large to see the atom.
No, I am not a woman, I am a man, and I am not a child, I am a grown man, and I am not a fool, I am a wise man.
You are a stranger, and I am not your friend, but I will give you a warm welcome, and a gift from my heart.
I don't have any money to buy a computer, so I have to be content with this old screen.
The men are not happy with the way things are going in the country.
The atom fission is in the day of the sun that the day of the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is in the energy of the sun that the sun is
The sun is setting over the sea. The stars are shining brightly in the sky.
I don't understand what you're saying.
We are waiting for you, but you are not coming. We are tired of waiting for you.
It is 70 km from here to the village of Jeggé and 100 km from here to the village of Sori.
This Wolof is a beautiful language, but it's difficult to learn.
My mother had a cow in our village, but the cow was very old and had a lot of problems. The cow was very weak and could not walk anymore.
You are very beautiful, but I am not interested in you, I am already in a relationship.
You are so beautiful that I am not even able to speak to you, or else I would say something stupid like a silly little bird.
What a beautiful day this is, the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the world is full of joy.
It is a need of the heart that is in the heart of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
We are not in the same boat, and I am not in the same boat as you. We are not in the same boat, and I am not in the same boat as you.
It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the flowers are blooming.
I have a ghostly presence, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool by my own family, I am tired of being treated like a fool
The people are tired, they are fed up with the government's empty promises and the lack of real change.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
You are not in the same class as me, you are above me, you are the one who will take care of me.
You are looking for a place to stay in a village where there is no electricity, no water, no school, no hospital, and no road.
No one is born to be a slave, but if you are born into slavery, you will be a slave all your life.
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I remember, involve me and I learn" is a quote by Larson and LaFasto (1989, p109) that is often repeated in the same way.
The "ekip bi kenn dul gis" is a team that has a very good report. This team has a lot of members and is very strong.
What is the difference between the old and the new tax? Is it not the same?
We are not in the same league as those who have been in the same boat for a long time, who have been through the same storms and have been shipwrecked on the same rock.
I am tired, my friend, and I will go to the forest to hunt for a hare-hare, I will go with my gun to hunt for a hare-hare, my friend.
The earth is round like the moon, and if you were to cut it open, you would see that it is not round like the moon, but rather like a flat plate.
Angel (2006), I saw that movie like that again in the continuum of the past very much I was happy to be alone in the scene of the legend.
In the depths of my mind, I see you as a beautiful woman, but in the light of day, you are just a woman like any other.
Don't go to the market today, I'm not going to buy anything.
I am not a farmer, I am a student, I am a student, I am a student, and I am a student who is looking for a job in the field of computer science.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I am not a liar, I am a messenger who brings a good news and a union that will bring peace and prosperity to the people.
My name is IA, I am a solo in the world of science-fiction, I am a machine that is both intelligent and adaptable in the field of computer science, and I am also a bridge between the old and the new.
I don't understand this sentence.
I have a book that is of no value, I have a dog that is a nuisance, I have a cat that is a pest, I have a bird that is a nuisance, and I have a snake that is a danger.
He is not a man of his word, he is a liar, he is a thief, he is a scoundrel.
I'm not sure what you're looking for, but I can tell you that I'm a machine translation system that translates sentences from Wolof to English.
The people of the village were very happy to see the young man who had just returned from the city. He had been gone for a long time, and everyone was eager to hear about his adventures.
Technology is not in our hands, but we have a lot of things to learn from the museum, the aquarium, the art gallery, and the classroom.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
This is a difficult one, but I'll try my best.
My blog is not for the faint of heart. The blog is very hard, very difficult, and very painful to read, but it's worth it to see the truth in all its ugliness.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am tired of being treated like a
The blog "ñooy tax ndongo yi di góor-góorlu ngir yee seen askan ci àdduna bi". Fexe nu ñuy begalee ñi leen di lire wala topp taxna ñuy gëna nàmm seen xel (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a part of the job that is not liked by all, but it is necessary to make money seen in the eyes of some people who are not satisfied with their work.
It was a beautiful day, the sun was shining brightly, and the birds were singing their sweet melodies; the internet was buzzing with news of a new discovery, and the world was abuzz with excitement, just like the day when Oravec (2002) made his groundbreaking find.
Ottawa is the capital city of Canada, a place where you can walk and enjoy a park, a gallery, and a museum, and enjoy the beauty of Canada.
The Niagara Falls is a beautiful sight to see in the summer, but the Muskoka lakes are a place to be alone in the winter.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
The people are tired of being oppressed by the government, and they are demanding their rights.
This is a story of a black man who has been living in America: the Afro-American lives in the United States, not in Canada.
I love you in the heart of Africa in the Indian Ocean where we are born in the same village where our feet touch African soil.
Madagascar is a country that is far from here, beyond the sea, in a place that is very far from us, in a place that is not near.
If you were to take a walk in the village, you wouldn't see a single French person, nor would you see a single person from anywhere else, because everyone here is Wolof.
We are Arabs, but we are Muslim by faith, we are from the same stock as the Comorians and the Mahorans.
The Wolof people were in contact with Europeans as early as the 15th century, when the Portuguese, led by Vasco de Gama, discovered the Cape Route to Europe from India.
This is a very old story, from the time of the great king of Sine, and this is a story of a great war, between Sax and Jokko, and this is a story of a great peace, between Sowwu and Mbàmbulaanug Atlas.
The child says: "If I were a man, I would have a lot of money, or I would have a lot of women."
You are not my father, I am not your son.
The foolish one who does not know how to take care of himself is like a bird that has lost its way in the forest, it is easy prey for the hawk, it does not know how to protect itself, and it is at the mercy of others.
The foolish ones are in the midst of the wise, but they do not see it, and they do not know that they are being outsmarted.
The city of Casablanca was inhabited since the 10th century BC, where Phoenicians, Romans, and Merinids lived, and later the Portuguese built the city of Anfa.
The Portuguese were the first to reach the coast of Casablanca, but they did not settle there until 1755.
The Sultan is in Morocco, but he is not in Dar el-Baida, he is in a Spanish jet that is heading to Casablanca, and he is not in a good mood, he is angry.
Casablanca is the place where I was born and raised, but I am a solo traveler in Morocco.
This is a beautiful village of Midha where you can find a beautiful well, a small mosque, a small market, a small school, a small house, a small garden, a small forest, a small river, a small lake, a small mountain, a small valley, a small village, a small city, a small country, a small world, a small universe, a small everything.
I am going to visit the Tourist in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the same category as the country of Rwanda.
In 2002, the lava of Mount Nyiragongo flowed towards Goma, a city of 800,000 people, and threatened to engulf it completely.
We will not go to the barab bu wóor until we have finished with the Kivu conflict, and we will not go to the Kivu until we have finished with the barab bu wóor.
Go to my house, I will show you a big fire that burns in the heart of the volcano Nyiragongo and in the heart of the mountain Montaña Gorilla, you will see a big beast that roams in the top of Africa.
I'm going to ride a motorcycle taxi (boda-boda) from Goma to the border. The fare will be around 500 francs for the Congo.
In "Tombouctou" there is a village that is very beautiful, but it is also a place of great suffering, where people are forced to live in poverty, and where the children are often hungry and thirsty.
Oh, Timbuktu is not a place to be, it's a place to be seen, where tourists come to see the beauty of the old and the new, and the people are very hospitable.
In 1990, we were in the 10th grade, and I was in the 11th grade, and we were in the same class, and we were in the same school, and we were in the same town.
I am not a film scholar, I am a film speaker, and I am here to talk about Henry Louis Gates' PBS documentary on the history of cinema in Africa.
The city is our home, and we are proud of our city, which is the capital of Africa.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is a large national park located in the northeastern part of South Africa, bordering Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the Lowveld to the south, topped by the Drakensberg Mountains.
The area is 19,500 km². It is bordered by the Senegal River to the north, the Gambia to the west, the Casamance region to the south, and the Fouta Djallon region to the east.
They are the ones who are in the park of Africa in the South to see the beauty of the wild animals of Africa in the South (SANParks).
I am in Kruger National Park in South Africa, and I am not used to being so close to nature.
I am one of the few who have seen the Wild Card, but I have never been to the Kruger National Park in South Africa or the national park in South Africa either.
Hong Kong is a place where the East meets the West, and the old meets the new.
The horizon is defiled by the batima, but the sky of Hoŋ Koŋ is still beautiful, and the world is still full of wonder, and the Poŋ of Victoria is still a place of beauty.
The streets of Hong Kong are very crowded, the roads are very narrow between Kowloon and the Peak, and the streets are very steep.
I don't understand this sentence. It seems to be a mix of Wolof and Chinese.
We are tired of British colonialism, we are tired of the history of colonialism that has been imposed on us for a hundred years, we are tired of the suffering that we have endured.
The Sundarbans is a vast mangrove forest in the world, covering an area of about 80 km (50 mi) wide in Bangladesh and 20 km (12 mi) wide in India.
The Sundarbans book is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in the Indian part of the Sundarbans National Park.
We are here, all of you, come and see the mangroves – but take nothing, not even a stick, and do not cut down a single tree, or pay a single penny for a permit.
Senegal has a total area of 3,850 km², with a coastline of approximately 700 km.
In 1966, the Sundarbans mangrove forest was divided into two parts, one of 400 square kilometers for the Bengale royal family and one of 30,000 square kilometers for the people.
The bus departs from our village to the neighboring village (in our region) at 06:30 to 07:30.
It's not easy to find a job in this city, but I'm not going to give up.
The buses of the Coaster are too expensive for you, you need to dig deeper.
Taxis are very expensive in the town of Dagnoo, but in the villages of Punakha (Nu 200) and Paro (Nu 150).
The Oyapock River Bridge by a pom buñu defar and a boom. My year the Oyapock River is very long Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The height of this tower is 83 meters, its base circumference is 378 meters in diameter and its base is 3.50 meters in diameter.
We were in the middle of a storm for 9 meters high and 12 hours long. It was in the month of February 2011, when the wind was blowing at 80 km/h until March 2017.
I was born in September 2017, and I am the second child of a Brazilian mother.
The Guaraní is the language of the people who live in the eastern part of Paraguay, and it is the official language of the country, along with Spanish.
The Chaco people are not the same as the Xéét people of the Guaycurú and Payaguá, but rather, they are the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the Mocobí, the
This is the 16th largest country in the world, next to Paraguay, it is called the "Indian province of the world", it is surrounded by the sea of the Atlantic Ocean, and the sea of the Pacific Ocean, and the border of Spain, and the border of my country is far from the sea.
The Spaniards are our enemies, and we will not let them into our land.
Asunción was founded in 1537, and the Paraguay River was its first boundary, and it was also its first limit.
The Argentine team is going to play against the team of the country of Guinea-Bissau tomorrow at 6 pm.
I was young when I first saw the sea in December in Las Cañitas.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I have a news for you from a tournament that I was watching a match of polo in Argentina.
The Falkland Islands are not independent, but a part of the Falkland Islands (FKP) which is a dependency of the United Kingdom (UK).
I have no money in my pocket, I am going to the bank in the town of Stanley to withdraw from FIC WEST.
The pound sterling is worth less than the dollar in the islands of the Falkland Islands and the South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
They are in a hurry to get to the market, Angale is with the American who is going to take them to the village, the old man and the young man are going to the next village to buy something.
It's a minute before the Falklands' big game, and the excitement is building up.
In Montevideo, there are many people who are very fond of the equator, but they don't know how to use it, and they are very proud of what they don't know.
Montevideo is a city in the tropic of cancer, in the summer, the temperature is over +30°ñC, it's too hot to bear.
Yesterday I was in the cold: the temperature was so low that it was almost zero degrees, but it was not as cold as it was last winter by the thermometer.
My mother is a woman of great beauty, but she is not a woman of great wealth.
I am not a child of this park, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am not a child of this land, I am a stranger in this land, I am
The chicken is in the yard, and the cow is 100 yards away from the big house, while the goat is 25 yards away from the small house, and the sheep is in the field!
If you don't have a cow, you can't have milk, if you don't have a hen, you can't have eggs, if you don't have a goat, you can't have cheese, if you don't have a sheep, you can't have wool, and if you don't have a dog, you can't have a guard.
In my time, if you see a dog that has a rabbit in its belly, you will not eat it with your family, because it is not good for you. The dog has eaten it, and you will not eat it, because it is not good for you.
My dear, I have a big house with a beautiful garden, but I have no one to share it with, and I'm tired of eating alone, or eating with the TV as my only companion.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is surrounded by the island of Upolu, which has a population of around 40,000.
Apia was the capital of Samoa from 1850 until 1959.
He was born, the son of a great man, who was born in 1889 in the city of Jerusalem, in the land of Palestine, in the presence of the great powers of Europe, America, and England.
I am tired of these long journeys to England. I have been on 200 trips to Almaa and I am fed up.
This is the story of a man who was born in the village of Mbootaayu Mau, and he was a great warrior, and he was the son of a great king, and he was the king of the land of Tupu Tamasese Lealofi III.
I am not a thief, I am just a poor man from Ackland, I have nothing to steal. If you see me with something, it's not mine, it's a borrowed thing.
Tefes yi ci Côte-Nord (in the North Harbour district) is located on the Pacific Ocean, and is connected to Long Bay by a narrow strip of land, and is separated from Devonport by a small body of water.
I am going to the beach with you, and we will have a great time, we will enjoy the beautiful pohutukawa trees.
Tamaki Drive runs along the Waitemata Harbour, between Mission Bay and St Heliers, and ends in Digging Auckland.
I don't know what you're saying, I'm just a big man with a big mouth, but I'm not a big man in the city, I'm just a big man in the village. I'm not a big man in the world, I'm just a big man in the world of my own.
In the past, the number one was called 'Number One', but now we call it 'Number Two', because the first one is already dead. In the number one, there is a big 'Manta' that is very beautiful.
I am not going to France anymore, but I am going to New Zealand and Australia instead.
The tap of the well is in the middle of the village, but the well itself is far from the village.
Australians like to drink a coffee called 'flat white' from a café that is not very expensive. The café is not very big and has a 'espresso', cappuccino that is not very strong (but has a lot of foam), tea that is very hot and a glass of water that is very cold.
Sokolaa, you are going to take a big risk if you go to Belsik, you will see what you will see, but you will not see what you want to see.
You are the first to see the beauty of this world, and you are the first to see the beauty of this world, but you are not the first to see the beauty of this world, and you are the first to see the beauty of this world.
I am tired, my eyes are heavy, my head is spinning, and I am about to fall asleep.
We were in a box, and the box was in our house, and the house was in our village, and the village was in our country, and the country was in our world, and the world was in our universe, and the universe was in our existence, and the existence was in our being, and the being was in our life, and the life was in our time, and the time was in our year, and the year was in our month, and the month was in our week, and the week was in our day, and the day was in our hour, and the hour was in our minute, and the minute was in our second, and the second was in our year, which was in the month of October, and the month of October was in the year of 1770, and the year of 1770 was in the month of April, and the month of April was in the year of 1770.
I am tired of being treated like a child, I want to be treated like an adult like you. You are the one who has been taking care of me since I was a child, and now you want to abandon me.
I am very happy in this beautiful place of the world, I have seen a big bird in the sky, but I have not seen a big fish in the ocean by, I have seen a big tree in the forest, but I have not seen a big rock in Rockhampton.
The people of the village were very happy when the young man came with a big basket of fish from the sea.
Travel agent I have a problem with you, I want to go to a hotel with you, but I don't have money to pay for it, and I also want to go camping with you, but I am a travel agent.
The world is a prison, and we are all prisoners, but we have the key to our freedom in our hands.
We are not in the same place, but we are in the same situation.
We are not ashamed of our ancestors, but we are proud of our ancestors who have been able to reach the top of the tree.
At a festival, if you have a choice between a music festival and a festival of other activities, you can decide to camp there and see which one is better.
We are going to the campsite tomorrow morning, and we will take the road that passes by the big tree.
The music is not for the sake of the dance, but for the sake of the scene, and the scene is not for the sake of the music, but for the sake of the festival, and the festival is not for the sake of the music, but for the sake of the joy of the people.
We are not in the same camp, and I am not with you in this matter.
They were in the middle of the Baltic Sea, in a cabin boat, and they were very happy to be there.
The Kuruwasiyeer (a type of sorcerer) lives in Saint-Petersburg with a very large number of spirits. He has a very long stick (a wooden stick) that he uses to make magic.
Casinos are a source of income for the people of the village, but the money is not used for the benefit of the people. The manager of the casino is a foreigner who does not care about the people of the village.
The people of the village were very happy when the new school was built, with the classrooms, the library, and the sports field, thanks to the efforts of the community to improve the school.
You have a beautiful face that shines like gold. But, the heart is what makes a person rich, not just the appearance.
I am very happy to be in this beautiful place with a mountain landscape of a warm color like a sunset, and snow, glass or a temperature that is very cold.
I am tired of walking on this dirt road, I want to ride on asphalt.
I am not a thief, I am a farmer, I have come to take my cattle to the other side of the river.
What a beautiful day, I'm going to the party with my friends, we're going to dance, we're not going to eat, we're not going to drink, we're going to dance, we're going to have fun, we're going to enjoy ourselves, we're going to have a good time.
In the winter, the climate is cold, the snow is white, and the earth is covered with a thick layer of ice. The sun is hidden behind the clouds, and the trees are bare. The car is stuck in the snow, and I have to push it, push it, push it, to get it out.
Safaris are what tourism is called in Africa, and what we call adventure in the West.
The safari is a great adventure that takes you to a place where you can see a lot of animals, especially in the savannah of Africa where you can see many wild animals.
We have a big car with many animals inside, like an elephant and a giraffe, and we are going to the zoo to see all the animals.
My friend, cheetahs are faster than I am, but I'm stronger than a chicken, and I'm more cunning than a snake.
It is said that the safari (or "safari of the doxu", "safari of doxantu, or else") has left the doxantu, and the people are either happy or sad.
The storm was very strong on this day, from 24 August to 5 September 2021. The wind was blowing very hard, and the rain was pouring down, just like the wind that had blown on the day of the great storm of the Sapong.
Tokyo was the capital of Asia that hosted the Olympic Games, the Games of the XIV Olympiad, in 1964.
I was a young boy when I saw the first smartphone in 2020, and I was amazed by its power.
The opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock, but then the opposition was in a state of shock
I have a house that costs 2,500 CFA and 130,000 ¥, or 7,000 ¥ if you pay now.
The sun is setting over my village, and I am not happy about it. The hotel you are in is not as good as the one we had, and we are not going to get a good night's sleep because of the noise from the market, don't even think about it.
If I were to be a bird, I wouldn't fly, nor would I be a fish, I wouldn't be a bird, nor would I be a fish, I wouldn't be a bird, nor would I be a fish, I wouldn't be a bird, nor would I be a fish.
I am not a child of the factory, I am a child of the earth (you are born of your mother and father, or you are born of your own, scorch).
I am not a man of my word, I will not be a fool again.
They say that the world is a big prison, and we are all prisoners in it.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a fool, I am a man who has seen many things, I am not a fool, I am a man who has seen many things, and I am not afraid of anything.
We are looking for a place to stay in the city.
I am tired of being with you, I am tired of your children, I am tired of your husband or your wife, I am tired of your house, I am tired of your family.
If you don't have a father, you are not a man, and if you don't have a mother, you are not a woman.
I am tired of this world, I am tired of this life, I am tired of this earth, I am tired of this sky, I am tired of this sea, I am tired of this wind, I am tired of this sun, I am tired of this moon, I am tired of this star, I am tired of this night, I am tired of this day.
In the village, there is a man who sells tobacco and cigarettes, but he doesn't smoke.
You are not in Point Marion or Fairmont, but rather in the middle of the Buffalo-Pittsburgh trail, and I am very sorry for this.
If you have a little money, you can buy a little happiness, but if you have a lot of money, you can buy a lot of happiness, but you can't buy happiness.
You are a woman who has been walking for a long time, from dawn to dusk, for 35 to 40 hours (56 to 64 hours) - to see the beauty of the world, to be alone, to be free.
I am a traveler, I have a portable phone that I use to call my friends who live in the Pennsylvania Wilds.
The patisserie is from Alsace originally, but it has been in Bavaria for a long time, and it's been in Austria for even longer.
The bakery is in front of me, I have an apple bar in it, and I have a pear tart in it, and I have a cherry and a plum in it, which is not in the summer but in the winter.
We are tired of your lies, and we are tired of your tricks, and we are tired of your deceit. We are going to leave and we are going to see and we are going to drink coffee.
So beeggé you are in a place where you can eat a Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
The curry is very good, it's a pleasure to eat it with rice and with a drink.
I don't understand this sentence.
This is a conflict between India and Pakistan, which has been going on for a long time; in India, there are many people who are against the conflict, and in Pakistan, there are also many people who are against it.
We have 17,000 people who are not yet in the Indonesian boat, and we are waiting for the rest to join us, so that we can all go together.
I want you to make me a gift, and you will be rewarded with a lot of money, and you will be considered a great person, and you will be able to buy a big house and a car, and you will be able to travel the world.
I am in a tropical archipelago, the Javanese woman is very beautiful, she is very white in the sun, she is very hot, it's hard (rawatina is a Javanese word, it's hard to describe) and I am very thirsty.
We are all together in this, and we will not let our country down.
I am tired of this instability and I don't know how much more I can take in this chaotic world where everything is upside down and I am fed up with all these injustices.
You are my shield and my protector, and I will not leave you for anyone else. If I were to take a risk with you, I would not be able to love anyone else.
But now, the darkness has covered the sun, and I am alone, and I will go to the sea to take a bath.
Listen to me, I will tell you the story of the Angale, and I will not tell you a single word that is not true, nor will I tell you a story that is not good, nor will I tell you a story that is not interesting, nor will I tell you a story that is not worth your time.
Cochamó Valley – a valley that is as beautiful as Yosemite in South America, but in Chile, it is a valley that is as unique as a dream.
The people of the village are tired of the noise of the cars that pass by. They are asking for a solution to the problem, but the authorities are not listening to them, and they are fed up with the noise of the cars that pass by in the village.
I'm a bit bored, I go skiing or snowboarding, and I'm looking for a new challenge or a new ski or snowboard to try out in the big park.
When I was a young boy, I used to go to the forest to hunt with my friends, but we were called "ski bums" because we would ski down the mountain after we finished hunting.
The oldest known painting of skiers dates back to 5000 BC!
The first downhill skiing competition was held in the Downhill skiing many years ago in the town of 1861 where Norwegians first used ski boots in Australia.
It's not true that I'm lazy: I'm just on a diet, I don't eat anything raw or fried.
I really want to go skiing, either on the alpine ski or on the downhill, but I'm not yet ready to take the challenge of the big ski and the big fall.
The people are tired of the old system.
This is the way the world is, and you will be like it - but it's new, and you will be different, you will be a new person, and you will have a new life, and you will have a new way of living, and you will have a new way of thinking, and you will have a new way of being.
We are on the continent, but we are not in the same boat as you. If you were to come here, you would see that we are in a different boat than you, and you would need a passport to enter our boat.
Bëreb Schengen, de, moo ngi dox melni benn réew ci noonu.
I don't understand the language. Can you please rephrase the sentence in Wolof?
I don't have any problem, I have a Schengen visa, I am allowed to stay in any country in the Schengen space, but I have to leave the country in which I am staying, and I have to leave the country in which I am staying within a certain period.
We are the children of the earth, and we will not be defeated. We will continue to fight for our rights, and we will not give up.
I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being in this world, I am tired of being
The people of the village are very happy, they are proud of their beautiful land, and they are very proud of their ancestors who have been here for a long time.
You are not like anyone else, I am alone in this world, like Sames, I am looking for a place to rest, but I am not finding it anywhere, I am alone, I am tired, I am exhausted, I am worn out.
There are six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-one, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-four, eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven, eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-two, ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred.
We are the same people who have been living in this land since the beginning of time. Tourism has changed our way of life in Sapmi, our ancestral land.
We are proud of you, and we are proud to be Gypsies, and we are proud of our ancestors who have been in this country for a long time, and we are proud of our culture and our traditions, and we are proud of our language, which is the language of the Romani people.
I am tired of my life, I want to leave my life behind, I want to leave my life to someone else, I don't have health insurance or life insurance.
I am not a beggar, I am a traveler who has come to your city, I am a traveler who has come to your house, I am a traveler who has come to your home, I have come to rest in your shade, I have come to rest in your shelter.
This is a lie, America is not in the Middle East, but rather in the Americas, and it is not in Africa, nor in Europe, nor in the Arab world.
The current situation is not good for the political future of the country.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
The weather is very cold today, the ground is frozen, the trees are bare, and the oranges are not yet ripe.
I am not familiar with the Wolof language.
I am tired, I have a big stomach, I have a big mouth, I have a big eye, I have a big ear, I have a big nose, I have a big tongue, I have a big foot, I have a big hand, I have a big head, I have a big body, I have a big heart, I have a big soul, I have a big spirit, I have a big mind, I have a big brain, I have a big heart, I have a big love, I have a big joy, I have a big peace, I have a big happiness, I have a big life, I have a big world, I have a big universe, I have a big everything.
I am tired of being in this prison, I am tired of being a slave, I am tired of being a soldier, I am tired of being a police officer.
The old man was sitting in his hut, thinking about the risks of the new generation, who are not afraid to take risks, and who are not like their ancestors, who were content with their simple life.
I am tired of being treated like a fool in this town, where everyone thinks they are smarter than me, just because I am a woman.
They are in a hostile environment course, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of great fear, they are in a state of
I am a child who has been raised in a jafe-jafe house, where I have been taught to be a good person, to respect my elders, and to be honest and fair.
I have a big house with two floors, five rooms upstairs and five downstairs, and a big garden.
I have a store in the village where there is a big market, because it is close to the big city.
We are not going to be able to find the solution to this problem today.
The passport is not valid for travel to (X) or any other country, if the bearer cannot prove their age, nationality, occupation, marital status, or sex.
The people of the world are tired of the current situation and want change.
I was born in a small village called Kaarange in the year 2001, on the 11th of November.
I have a big problem with my phone, but I'm not going to show it to you with a scanner because I'm afraid you'll see something wrong with it.
The earth is round, but the sky is not.
If a topographic surveyor has a bird in his hand, he will not see a bird in flight, but he will see a bird in the form of a bird in flight.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a child.
It's not that I'm lazy, I'm just on energy-saving mode.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I have a new husband (a man I married in a dream during the night of the full moon), but I am already tired, I am already pregnant.
The people of the village were tired of the old customs and traditions, and they wanted to adopt new ones, but the old men were against it.
We are not in the same boat, but we are in the same storm.
It is not the first time that the country is in a state of turmoil, the people are tired of the government's actions, and the opposition is not satisfied with the current situation.
I have no money to buy a car, but I will go to the market to buy a small bike.
The Misigu pyramid is a place of great beauty, but it's a place of solitude in the desert.
My ancestors were pygmies who lived in the forest, and I am the descendant of those who came out of the forest to live in the city.
We are tired of the tourists who come to our country and disturb our peace. We want to live in our land as we like, without the noise of cars and the pollution of the air.
The Sphinx is a woman who has given birth to a child that will never grow old.
The nataal is a dance that is performed around the pyramids, and the pyramids are decorated with the nataal dancers.
South Shetland Islands, in 1819, the ice broke off the land and the sea took over. In the year 2020, the ice base was reduced to just one hundred.
The archipelago is about 120 km off the coast of the Peninsula of King George Island and is home to the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
I am a young woman from the village of Deeku, I have a big house in the town of Livingston, it has a big caldera in the form of a moon, it has a big bed, a big table, a big stove, a big oven, a big sink, a big toilet, and a big shower.
Ellsworth Land is a peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
You are on the Peninsula by the sea, in the middle of a flat area, the back of the book is 360 km from the Minnesota Glacier by the cross.
The Wall is a prominent ridge in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and is topped by Mount Vinson, at an elevation of 4,892 meters (16,050 feet).
I am sorry that the mobile phone network is not available, the satellite phone is not working either.
My phone is on a satellite phone, but I prefer to use my phone on a portable phone, because it's more convenient than using a satellite for my phone.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a fool, I am smarter than you, and I am not stupid, I am not a fool, and I am not a fool, I am not a fool, and I am not a fool.
My phone is not working, I'm in trouble.
I am not a child, but I am still young, and I am still learning, and I am still making mistakes, and I am still growing.
I am not in school, they tax me to go to the university, but I am not a student.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I have a big house, but I'm poor, I have nothing to eat, and I'm hungry all the time.
Finland is a country that is far from us. "The Suomi is a land of a thousand lakes" is what they call it, a land of a thousand lakes and also an archipelago.
These islands are not for sale.
I don't understand the sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
In Finland, there is a woman who is as old as the number of years it takes for a cow to jump over a fence.
In Norway, Sweden, and Zealand-Gu-Britain, there are no more than five people per square mile (if you exclude the Dutch, who are born in the Netherlands, but are not really people).
They are going on a cruise from Baltics to the west to see the sights of St. Petersburg, in Russia.
I am a descendant of the great ancestors of the Wolof people, who were known for their bravery and strength.
It was in the year 2009 that the people of Senegal were able to see the first presidential election in which Abdoulaye Wade was not a candidate.
I was just a young girl in Berlin, Allëmaaañ was my first love, but I never forgot my roots in our village, and Berlin was always a distant memory, a dream that I would return to one day, but the reality of life in the city was far from the simple life I left behind.
I am tired of being treated like a fool year after year, I am fed up with being deceived by your words, I am fed up with being treated like a fool, I am fed up with being deceived by your words, I am fed up with being treated like a fool, I am fed up with being deceived by your words, I am fed up with being treated like a fool, I am fed up with being deceived by your words.
I am not a child, I am a man: I have seen many things, I have seen many women, I have seen many women.
We are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we are all, we
The people of the village are tired of the noise that the birds make. If they were to silence the birds, they would have to take away the trees, the flowers, and the beauty of the place.
This is a story of a young girl, she was very beautiful, her mother had given her a necklace of gold and silver, and she had a pair of earrings of gold and silver, and she had a pair of shoes of gold and silver, and she had a pair of sandals of gold and silver.
The one who sees is not the one who is seen, the one who sees is the one who sees with the eye of the one who is seen, and the one who is seen is the one who is seen by the one who sees.
He who has a cow is not a farmer, but he who has a cow and a field is a farmer.
I don't have any money to buy a business class ticket, but I have a lot of useless things that I can sell to buy one.
You, the new generation: go ahead and take the lead, send a few of your friends to pass through the village, and then come back with a big basket of food, and then go to the market with a big bag of money!
I have no money, I have six months to see if I can make a living from business or economic activities before I go to the extreme of begging.
Airline, I don't know what you want from me, but I'm going to tell you something, if you want to know what I'm going to say, listen carefully, I'm going to tell you something, and if you don't listen, you'll regret it, that's all I have to say.
The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. It is a Latin country, but it has a Russian Cyrillic alphabet.
The Mauritanian government is hiding the truth about the disappearance of the young girl.
In 1994, the Bile clan was forced to flee from the Republic of Transnistria in Moldova to the north, where they were welcomed by the Boppar clan, who were their distant relatives.
The people are tired of the endless discussions between the two Moldovan parties in the political opposition.
I am a Christian Orthodox from Moldova.
Izmir is a coastal city in Turkey and the third-largest city in the country with a population of approximately 3.7 million, surpassed by Istanbul, and followed by Ankara.
In the city of Nekkoon, there is a large market in Smyrna, where you can find everything from the past and the present, from the old and the new, from the top to the bottom, and from the beginning to the end.
You are young, but you are already at the centre of a modern commercial city, with a market that is very lively, an 18th-century church, and a Mediterranean landscape that is as beautiful as the one in Turkey.
The people of Haldarsvík are very happy to have a church in their village, Eysturoy, which is a beautiful church with a nice bell tower.
You are a beautiful woman, but I have already seen you naked, and I have already had you alone in a room.
We are not in the same situation as before.
This is a poem, and it's a tribute to Lord Byron.
Bisu Scotturb 403 spent the day in Sintra, and took a taxi to Cabo da Roca.
In the village of Bëj-gannar, they have a church, a sanctuary of Notre-Dame de Fatima (sanctuary), a chapel of the Virgin Mary, where people come to pray every day.
The youth are the future of the army, the one who will make the change in the world.
I have no mother, no father, no family, no home, no country, no people, no friends, no love, no life, no death, no nothing.
We don't talk about that in the market, but we talk about it at home. We don't talk about that in the street, but we talk about it in the house. We don't talk about that in the town, but we talk about it in the family. We don't talk about that in the world, but we talk about it in the family.
We are not allowed to draw graffiti here, or we will be punished severely.
I am a Wolof from the village of Barsal, from Catalonia and Spain. The one who is not able to speak Catalan, is not a true son of his father, and he who does not know Spanish is not a true son of his mother.
Oh, the white sign you see is not in Catalan, it's not even in the language we speak here, because it's not in the language we speak.
Listen, you want to speak Spanish, but I don't know how to speak it, I'm only familiar with Wolof.
I am a descendant of the Catalan people, and I am proud to be a Muslim, to speak Spanish, English, Christian, Arabic, and French.
Parisians are very proud of their city, and they love their lamgn.
He took a melokaan (a type of fruit) from a jubbadi (a type of basket) and anam (a type of fruit) with a gëna (a type of leaf) on top of a Paris (a type of tree) that was in a sa (a type of container) with a doxaliin (a type of fruit) that was in a gën (a type of container). He ate the fruit with a jëfee (a type of spoon) and a nit (a type of container) that was in a yaru (a type of container). The fruit was very sweet and he enjoyed it a lot.
The Parisians are not yet ready to take to the skies.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is a beautiful place to visit, with its many waterfalls and lakes that are a wonder to see, and its many paths to walk and enjoy the scenery.
I have a beautiful face, but the world is not beautiful to me, the sun is not warm to me, the wind is not cool to me.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase it in Wolof?
I am a Wolof woman, I have a beautiful face, I have a beautiful body, I have a beautiful hair, I have a beautiful eyes, I have a beautiful nose, I have a beautiful lips, I have a beautiful teeth, I have a beautiful hands, I have a beautiful feet, I am a beautiful woman, I am a beautiful girl.
If I were a monk, I would have worn a long robe, but I would have worn a simple shirt, and I would have worn a pair of sandals, not a pair of shoes.
I am tired of being treated like a fool, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am a human being, I am a person, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am a human being, I am a person, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am a human being, I am a person.
I don't understand this sentence. It seems to be a phrase or a sentence in Wolof, but it's not a complete or coherent sentence.
I am not a woman, I am a man, I am not a child, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a fool, I am a man, I am not a
The Lekku Mayork, a mythical creature from Wolof mythology, is said to live in the Mediterranean, in the sea, and is a serpent-like creature with a human head and a fish tail.
My mother is very beautiful, it's in the evening that I see her, my father and Oli: The father is in the garden, the mother is in the kitchen, the child is in the bed, the cat is in the basket, the dog is in the cage.
Yes, it's true, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world, we are tired of this life, we are fed up with this world
I don't understand what you're saying.
If you were to take a walk in the forest, you would see a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a bird that has a beautiful song, a
It's the Italian way that makes you want to go to the bar, but you can't drink because you're underage.
We are not in the same world as before, because we have added a letter "x" to the alphabet, and we have also added a new vowel "c" which is not in the original alphabet.
If I have a car, I will take it, but if I have a car and a bike, I will take the car, but if I have a car and a bike and a scooter, I will take the car and the bike.
We are Perse, we are not going to play with grammar, but we are going to write a story.
My dear, I am a little tired of this grammar game, but I will play with you as long as you want in this grammar game like in the Perseus game, but I will stop when I am tired.
The earth is round, and the sky is white like the Portuguese.
I don't understand what you're saying.
The ancestors of the Wolof people were very wise and knowledgeable in their time, but now their descendants are not as wise and knowledgeable as they were.
Pollution is a major problem in our time, causing serious damage to the environment, to our homes, or to schools and universities, and also to our bodies.
He is a man who has seen the world through the telescopes of his youth, and has seen the darkness of the world through the eyes of a child.
The cherry blossoms are beautiful, but I'm tired of them, because the cherry blossoms in Japan last only 8 days.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Ca Sapoŋ, feetu sëriis yu njëkk yi ci tóor-tóor ay ampërër ñoo leen di nos ngir seen bopp kese ak yeneen nit yu bokk ci nguur gi ci li wër imperiyaal bi.
The earth is not a place where one can live without being in contact with nature, it is not a place where one can resist the natural laws of the universe in the name of "progress" alone.
So you are in a beautiful place, but I am tired, I need a rest, and I will take a walk.
Singapore is a country that I have never been to, but I have heard that it is a very beautiful place, and I would love to go there one day, but I don't have the money to travel.
The sun is at its zenith at the equator, and the stars are not visible, and the moon is not seen, and the rain is not felt.
This is the story of how the people of the East came to be in Hebron. They came from the land of the sons of Ham, and from the sons of Shem, the son of Noah.
The people of the village are tired of being oppressed by the settlers of Hebron, who are occupying the land and causing problems in the area of Kiryat Arba.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
This is a castle, it's a castle in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or nowhere near a rock in the Danube Delta or on a boat on the Érié Canal.
We are tired of being treated like dogs, and we want to be treated like humans.
Christmas is celebrated with great joy by the Christian family, and I am proud to be a part of it, just like Jesus.
I am a Catholic and I am also a Muslim, but I am a Catholic in the Catholic world and a Muslim in the Muslim world, and I am a Muslim in the Catholic world and a Catholic in the Muslim world, and I am a Muslim in the world of the Muslims and a Catholic in the world of the Catholics, and I am a Muslim in the world of the Catholics and a Catholic in the world of the Muslims, and I am a Muslim in the world of the world and a Catholic in the world of the world.
I am not going to the market today because I am tired of buying things that I will only use once.
I am not in the habit of reading the Bible in the Catholic church in this village, because I am a Muslim and I do not have the habit of reading the Bible.
He is a good man who has been a neighbor for a long time, and he has been a good friend to me on Saturday and Sunday, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and he has been a good helper to me in my work, and
If a woman has a child, she will not be able to work or take care of her child or her husband.
I am not a morning person, I am a night owl, I live in a world where night is day, and day is night, and I am a Galapagos tortoise.
Adam's apple was the first thing Eve saw in the Galapagos, a beautiful fruit that was not yet ripe, a leaf, a branch, a flower, a bud, and a root.
The polar bear is born in the Arctic or Antarctica, but it is not born in the polar circle, it is born in the circle of the mother, which is the circle of the female.
The sun has set on my day, but the northern lights are dancing in the sky, for in the evening, the world is a beautiful and magical place.
He is a young man who has been arrested by the police and is being taken to court, but I don't know what he did.
The Japanese are very good at making things that are very useful, but they are not good at making things that are very beautiful.
In the West, there is a great deal of ignorance about the Jefandiko, a small bird, whose nest is made of twigs and branches, and whose song is a sweet melody, but not as melodious as that of the Turu.
I am not a solo artist, Jox is my partner in crime, we are two of a kind, we are the best of friends, we are the ones who make the noise, we are the ones who make the music.
The people who are in the village are very happy, and the people who are in the city are also very happy.