"We have not yet reached the place where we can rest, we are still on the road."
Dr. Ihudii Ur, a renowned professor from Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, has been recognized for her outstanding contributions to the medical field and her dedication to the scientific community of the Dhibee family in Canada.
If a person has a disease, he or she does not have the power to cure it, but if you take medicine for one year, you will get a benefit.
In a rare move, Sara Danielsen, a member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in absentia, along with Bob Dylan, by the Swedish Academy in Sweden, in a move that has left many stunned.
"Yeroo ammaatti homaa gochaa hin jirru. Deeggartoota dhihoo isaatti bilbileefii iimeeliis ergeera akkasumas deebii baay'ee bareedaa fudhadheera. Ammaan, kuni sirriitti gahaadha," jedhe Deeniyaas.
The idea was born, Ring, Jamie Siminoff, was looking for a solution to wake him up, so he started working on it in his garage.
The internet is not available, I am trying.
I was a stranger in a strange land in 2013, a film of the Tankia Shark, and I was looking for a place to rest, but I found a big problem, and I was forced to run away suddenly.
In 2017, Siminoof Channel Two was launched on QVL.
The ADT Corporation has been awarded a contract by the US Army to provide its surveillance systems.
The first time I saw you, I was struck by your beauty, but I was also afraid to approach you, for I knew that you were a woman of great beauty and that I was not worthy of you.
In a single leap, Zmapp, it has started to cure diseases in just a few hours, but it has not yet been tested in humans, and it is still in the experimental stage, but it has shown great promise in laboratory tests, and it is hoped that it will be used to treat many diseases in the future.
In the PSLM, the Mapp is used to calculate the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the benefits of the
Jimnaastikiin USA is hosting the 2024 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, which is a major step forward for the Olympics in the United States.
We will participate in the USOC, and we will take our sport to the international level, and we will show the world our strength and our ability to compete with the best.
It is a technological marvel in the USA that has made it possible for people to take a shower in just a few minutes, but it is not a secret that it has been around for a long time, and it is not a new thing that has been invented, but rather a convenience that has been made available to people, and it is not something that people are not aware of, but rather something that people have been using for a long time.
The American gymnastics team and the USOC have agreed on a deal — the gymnastics team and the athletes have been given a lot of freedom to train as they see fit, but they are also required to be present at the designated times for testing and other activities.
In 1960, Brzezinski was a young aide to John F. Kennedy, and later to Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, he was a member of the Derg regime, and later, in 1977, he became a member of the National Security Agency (NSA) under Henry Kyemba.
In the NSA, the Soviet Union's invasion of Ethiopia was preceded by the Ethiopian government's recognition of the Kamp David Accords, 1978; the Ethiopian government's relations with the United States and China were strained from the 1970s onwards; and the Iranian Revolution, which led to the overthrow of the Shah of Iran, 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, 1979.
The film, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, are married and have been together for a long time.
The Gooslingi is in a state of turmoil, with Taatoo Cimaa and Taatuu Cimtuu being at odds with each other.
The first film was shown in Suuraa Filatamoo, Qindeessaa, Siinimaatogiraafii, Dizaayinara Filannoo Uffannaa, gulaalaa Filmii, Tuqaa Ganamaa, Dizaayinii Piroodakshinii, Gulaallii Sagalee, Sagalee Waliin Makuu fi fooda irratti kan jalqaba mul'atu dabalataa.
The film Sirboonni lama fiilmii Oodiishin (The Full Story of Oodiishin) is a sequel to the original film, Sirba. The study was conducted by the Laayoonsgeetii Study Group on the 26th of the month.
In the evening, President of the United States, Donald Trump, made a phone call to the President of Ethiopia, to congratulate him on the Ethiopian New Year, and to wish him a happy Ethiopian New Year in the Ethiopian calendar.
The people are waiting for the speech of the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, after the election results were announced.
The ISIS terrorist group has been using the internet to recruit young people, especially those who are unemployed, to join their ranks.
If I were to choose one of the many things that I love, it would be the beauty of the day, the joy of being alive, the taste of a good food, the comfort of a warm home, the love of a family, the peace of a quiet place, the beauty of a lovely view, and the joy of being with loved ones.
Scientists are working on a technology that can turn a person into a robot, but the brain would still be in control.
The world is a beautiful place, but it is also a place of great suffering.
If I were to be a king, I would not be a tyrant, but a just ruler, who would bring peace and prosperity to my people. But if I were to be a tyrant, I would be a tyrant who would bring peace and prosperity to my people, and that would be a good thing.
If a person is not able to work, they should be taken care of by their family or relatives. The elderly, who are unable to work, should be taken care of by their children, and the young should take care of their parents.
The elderly are the ones who have seen the past, the youth are the ones who are building the present, and the children are the ones who are shaping the future.
The police of Waajjira Olaanaa are in a state of alert, ready to respond to any situation, and they are always prepared to face any challenge that may come their way, whether it is a peaceful protest or a violent one.
The police are trying to catch the murderer as soon as possible.
The government has been accused of being responsible for the recent massacre of animals in the area by the Daa'esh group (the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant).
The people of Aduun are in a state of great anxiety: The people of Aduun are in a state of great anxiety. The people of Aduun are in a state of great anxiety. The people of Aduun are in a state of great anxiety.
The government and the opposition parties have agreed to hold elections in Russia in the near future, and the date of the elections has been set.
If we take the Russian ruble as a currency, then the rate of exchange of the currency with the Ethiopian birr will be determined by the market.
In the past, they used to be in the forest for a long time.
I have been a student for a long time, but I have never seen a teacher like you, who is so kind and teaches us with such love, and then sends us to Nepal and then to India.
I have a Wi-Fi router model 802.11 that supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies simultaneously.
The wireless network uses 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards, and it is connected to the internet through a wireless router.
The 802.11n standard will be supported, but the device will take 600 seconds to boot up after the power button is pressed.
The people, they are being oppressed by the government, Miilar, the one who is supposed to protect them, is the one who is oppressing them, and they are not being heard.
The days of the past are like a book that has been closed, Miller said, "The days of the future are like a book that is still being written...what we say now will be read later."
"The economy has been in a coma since 2005, and it will take at least 15 years to recover from the shock, as the GDP has been stagnant since 2005 and will only recover by 2020," said Hu.
The Oromo people have been saying that the Oromo language is not being used in the government and other institutions.
The country is in a state of great crisis, starting with the assassination of a prominent figure, followed by a series of protests.
The one who is not afraid to go to the front line is not a coward, but one who is not brave enough to go to the front line is a coward, and one who is brave enough to go to the front line is a hero.
The President of Iraq will give a speech at 12.00 GMT today.
I am not surprised that the Iraqi government is not taking any action against the ISIS forces in the area, as they are already overwhelmed by the sectarian violence, corruption, and economic crisis.
The police are looking for a man who is suspected of robbing a bank in Bahati, Ethiopia. He is believed to have fled to the United States via the I-8 highway.
I am not ashamed to say that I am a descendant of the great Hoji-raawwachiistuu who was a hero in Iraq and whose bravery and strength are still talked about today.
The war lasted for a year and a half in Iraq, but the Iraqi army was defeated in 78 days. The Iraqi army was completely destroyed and the country was occupied by the coalition forces.
Seenataari was born in Giifti Dureen Arjaantiinaa, a Christian Oromo, to Kiristiinaa Fernaandez dii Kirchiner, who was a priest, and his wife, who was a member of the Oromo royal family, in the town of Boones Ayiirees, 50 kilometers (31 miles) from the town of Laa Pilaataa.
The Kirchhoff Theatre of Argentina was inaugurated in the year 2005, and it was designed by the architect Bonoo Sary.
The Falmichi, who are the descendants of the ancient Oromo, have been oppressed by the colonial powers, particularly the British, who have exploited their resources and treated them with disdain. They have been forced to live in poverty, and their lands have been taken over by the colonial powers, who have established their own settlements and farms, known as "Waliigaltee Niwu Oorliinsii Buush" or "New Oromo Settlements".
I am not able to help with that request.
We have one million dollars in the first place.
The city of Addis Ababa is very hot in the morning, but it is cool in the evening.
In the house, there is a television that is always being watched by the people.
The city of Xaaliyaanii is a major hub in both domestic and international trade, except in Poland where it is a relatively small market, and is one of the few markets that is not growing.
The Kanneen has been accused of being a spy for the FBI in the United States, among other things, including being a hacker, a computer virus creator, and a cyber terrorist.
In 2005, Koongireesiin was involved in a major conflict in the region, which lasted for about 2005, and was also involved in a 10-year war with the FBI, which ended in a great defeat for the latter.
The people of Utihappaan are in a great crisis, with a total of 41 people in a critical condition, 70 injured in 11 vehicles, and 2 dead.
The people of Gidduga have been suffering for a long time, and it is Saachiin Teendalkar and Raahul Draaviid who have been leading the charge against the injustices they face.
In the future, after a long time, the people of the city will see a big Indian airplane with 7 engines and 36 seats.
President George W. Bush is scheduled to visit Singapore on September 16, marking the beginning of a five-nation tour of Asia.
The Prime Minister of Singapore, Wong Kan Seng, has been briefed by the Prime Minister of Singapore, on the situation and the measures being taken to deal with the crisis.
In the midst of a famine, the government should take immediate action to provide relief. But the Bush administration has been slow to respond to the crisis in Ethiopia.
The Prime Minister, Abiy Ahmed, has appointed a committee to investigate the 'Qilleensa Qulqullu' scandal, in which the Minister of Defense, Mohammed Leel, was accused of embezzling funds. The committee is expected to submit its report within a month, as the Prime Minister has given them a deadline of 25 days to complete the task.
The Prime Minister has been ordered to take immediate action to stop the ongoing protests and restore order in the country, as the opposition party, the Conservative Party, has been accused of inciting violence and disrupting the peace.
In Erga Mootummaan Federaalaa hospital, Tasmaaniyaa, there is a serious shortage of medical staff, which has led to a complete paralysis of the federal government's health services, as well as the federal parliament's ability to function effectively, with the federal budget for the current fiscal year being completely paralyzed.
The Australian Government Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has provided AUD$45 million to the Tasmanian Government to upgrade its hospitals.
When the time comes, we will take action, we will fight with all our might, and we will conquer. We will fight with the strength of Paagoo Paagoo and the cunning of Nuweettii.
The system is not yet fully operational in the Toongaa region, but it is expected to be fully operational by the end of the year, and it will also be used to improve the accuracy of the Toongaa language in the Suunamii PTWC system.
The world is full of wonders, but the beauty of the sun is the most wonderful thing that we see every day.
The President of the United States, Joe Biden, is visiting Georgia.
The President of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, Mr. Abiy Ahmed, has said that the Ethiopian government will not give up the Kibba Peninsula, which is a strategic area that connects the two parts of the country.
The world was in darkness when Emperor Constantine accepted Christianity, the church was in the hands of the clergy of Jerusalem, and the Roman Empire was in the hands of the Roman emperors.
The Gidugaleessi Obomboleettii Biyyaalessaa (GHB) is a medication that has been used for a long time, but it does not have any effect on the body for a long time.
The Engineer of the Year Award of the Ethiopian Road Construction Association has been awarded to Engineer Loltuuwwan Yuunaayitid for his outstanding contribution to the construction of the 6-kilometer road.
I am happy, but I have been waiting for Katrina for 20 years, but she has not come like a foreign language that is not understood.
The city of Bishaan is a beautiful place to visit, with a population of around 100,000 people.
Adam Cuerden, a Hogganaan, was killed in a terrorist attack in the city of Addis Ababa.
We are [Weels] in motion. We are running, and that is the reason for our joy. Quickly, we are running to be the first to reach the finish line, and I am proud of myself for my achievement.
The people are being oppressed by the government's oppressive policies, which are causing them to lose their freedom and rights, and are being punished for their opposition.
We have been waiting for a long time, but we have not yet seen the fruits of our labor.
The earth is a beautiful place, a place of great beauty and a place of great wonder, and the milk of the cow is a source of great joy.
If we were to take a walk in the forest, we would see a beautiful landscape, and if we were to go to the Weey Milk area, we would see a beautiful Saajitaariyes valley.
We have no choice but to take one step at a time, just like a blind person who has to feel their way through the dark.
The universe is a vast, mysterious, and beautiful place that we are still trying to understand, and the particles that make up the universe are still being studied in order to understand the universe better.
The television broadcast is being interrupted by a news report.
The people of the West Central Oromo region are being forced to flee their homes and settle in the East, where they are being mistreated and their rights are being denied.
I am going to Japan to study radio broadcasting, but I am not yet ready.
As for the things that are in the past, I am not going to repeat them, but I will tell you what I have learned from them.
Doctor Toonii is treating XDR-TB (Extensively Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis) in the African country of Nataal (Ethiopia).
In the midst of a famine, a person who is not a farmer says, "If I had a cow, I would give you milk, and if I had a sheep, I would give you wool."
The doctors are very happy with the progress we have made in the past year, Dr. Mool said, adding that we have achieved a lot of our goals in the hospital.
In three days, a person can see a change in one week, from 10 to 15 days.
Generally, the XDR-TB is a type of tuberculosis that is resistant to four or more drugs; in addition, 330,000 people are infected with TB in all of East Africa, with 6,000 of them being resistant to treatment.
We have been working for 1,000 days, and we have been able to save 17,500 hours, and we have been able to reduce 491 problems.
Scientists have been trying to find the reason behind the sudden change in the weather.
I have no money to buy a car, but I am looking for a job to buy a car in the future.
The Ethiopian government has opened a new international airport.
We will not be silenced by the government.
The Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Hospital has been fully equipped with a state-of-the-art Robotic system, and the government of Oromia has been informed of this development.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, from Biluu Aash Ohio, has been awarded a gold medal in the 15th International Science Fair. She has been awarded a t-shirt and a pair of shoes as prizes.
I have been driving an Oldsmobile Intrigue for about five hundred kilometers.
Achitti, reeffa Saroojaa Balasubramaniyaan, umurii 53, kan uffata halkanii dhiigaan makameen marame argan.
The police are not going to take me in today, I am not going to tell you anything.
The darkness of the night precedes the light of the day, but the beauty of the world is not seen until the morning.
When the time of trouble comes, a wise person prepares for it in advance.
The Indian government has been making promises to the people of the country for a long time, but it has not been able to deliver on its promises, and the people are getting impatient.
The government has been warned of the dangers of encephalitis, which is a serious disease that can be transmitted to humans through the bites of infected mosquitoes.
The people of the city are in a state of panic, and the government is trying to calm them down with promises.
In 1956, the Ethiopian government began to suppress the Oromo people, and for nearly 40 years, the Oromo people suffered greatly under the regime of Haile Selassie's government.
We have 28 districts with a total of 1,000 kilometers of roads.
His wife was pregnant for nine months, and when she gave birth, she said, "This child is a blessing." But he did not believe her.
The first edition of 1,000 copies was published in 2000 by Daaviid Kilookar Ehrenistiraahil’tiin, under the title "Gocha Guddaa Mootii Siwiidin", which won the Addunyaa Giinas.
I am not a politician who would take a bribe of $5 to $100 from a Canadian citizen to influence my decision.
When I am sick, I will go to the hospital immediately, not after a long time.
He is 64 years old, but he is still strong.
The sun rises at 1200 GMT, and the day begins with a beautiful morning.
We are not going to be able to live in peace as long as we are being oppressed and our rights are being taken away from us.
The truth is that there is no one who is perfect.
The world is in a state of chaos due to the rapid technological advancements that are changing the face of the world.
The international community is watching the current situation in Ethiopia with great concern.
The people of the land are in a state of war, the land is in a state of drought, and the people are in a state of famine.
The people have been waiting for a long time for the government to take action, but the government has not taken any action.
I have no idea, could you give me the original text in English?
The woman was taken to the hospital in a car, and 40 people were taken to the police station for questioning.
Warren is a man who has been in the wilderness for a long time, but he has not seen a woman.
10:00-11:00 pm MDT, the night is dark and the stars are shining brightly in the sky.
The people of Battaluma, in their time of need, are calling for help from the people of the world.
The situation is getting worse and worse, it's now 11:35 pm and the situation is getting out of hand.
In 1963, the country was on the brink of collapse, and the people were in a state of great anxiety.
The land is a place of great beauty and a place of great wonder, and it is a place where we can find peace and happiness.
I am tired, my friends are tired of the world's troubles, I am tired of it, I am tired of the bitter taste of life that has become a bitter drink.
If we were to take the land of the Oromo, we would not be able to take it, but we would be able to take the land of the Oromo by force.
There is no such thing as a "Akeekkachiisni" or "Akeekkachiisi", but I assume you are referring to "Akeeko" which is a term in the Oromo language.
We have no news, the news reporters are starting to get ready, but the news itself and the information we have are starting to get ready.
Winfrey's family is in great pain, as she is being taken away, and her children are left behind, crying and weeping.
"We are in a difficult situation. We have only one chance to escape from this problem."
The President of Namibia has been sworn in as President, Hifikepunye Pohamba has been sworn in as Vice President.
The country is in turmoil, the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) has been in power for a long time, and the parliament is in a state of paralysis.
I am not going to Afganistan to fight, but I am going to the front line to defend my country.
When I am in a difficult situation, I am not able to think clearly, and I am not able to make a wise decision.
The people of the city are in a state of great anxiety and fear, and they are constantly looking over their shoulders.
The Mangoolaa, Medical Scientists of the Saans Firoontiirsii and the World Health Organization are working together to prevent a global pandemic from happening again.
Richard Verma, dubbed Ogeeyyii Fayyaa Daangaa Hinqabnee as: "The Angolan people have been waiting for you for a long time, but in Angola itself, you are a stranger who has just arrived."
After the game, at 10:00, the situation is very good, the car is ready to go, and the equipment is all set, in seven days the rugby team will play.
The first African World Cup match was held in Zambia on July 26, 1958.
In the face of what we have been suffering, we should not be afraid to take a stand against our oppressors, but rather, we should stand up to them and fight for our rights, just as we have been doing in the Southern part of Africa.
We are in a state of war, we are fighting with our guns and our voices, and we are also fighting with our words and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices, and we are also fighting with our voices and our pens, and we are also fighting with our pens and our voices,
They have been living in the city of Amsterdam and the Museum of Anne Frank since the 19th century, but they have been in a state of migration and displacement for a long time, and their lives have been in danger, and they have been forced to leave their homes and live in the streets.
If I were to be a king, I would make the earth fertile, and the sky would be a beautiful blue, and the people would be happy, and the country would be prosperous, and the people would live in peace and harmony.
In the Seensi region, they call it "obbooleettiiwan torban", which is measured in units of 100 to 250 (approximately 328-820).
The people are waiting for the government to take action immediately, starting from today and onwards.
Every day, the city is filled with people of different professions, but the majority are students.
The Earth's crust is broken into several large plates, which ride upon the more fluid asthenosphere, and the plates are in constant motion, sliding over the more fluid asthenosphere, said Gileen Kuusheengi, a geophysicist, at the University of Arizona, in Arizona, USA.
In France, the majority of technological innovations are made by people who are not officials of the bank: a person who is not an official of the bank can create a new account with a computer, but cannot withdraw money from another person's account with a computer.
When the harvest season arrives, the farmer will take the crops to the market, but before that, the farmer will dry the crops in the sun, and then sell them in the market.
The French government has taken measures to prevent the spread of the virus.
In 1988, I saw all my savings disappear like Warren Buffett's investments in a secret account that was being used for clandestine operations, and I was left with nothing but a handful of dust.
The women of the village were busy with their daily activities. In the hills, the farmers were busy planting seeds, while in the valleys, the women were busy harvesting crops, and the men were busy tilling the land.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was released in 2007, was a computer that was designed to be used in a car, providing entertainment and assistance to drivers, and was connected to the IT system of the time.
I bought a second-hand laptop, a computer that was made in 2007, from a store in the city of Koompitarii, Laptopii, which was a bit old and had been used by a person named ASUS.
The song's title is "Radio is a great invention, it's a source of information and entertainment."
In the city, the radio station is broadcasting continuously on the internet through the Radio ToogiiNeet, and the website of the radio station is also accessible through the radio's website.
In 2015, TogiNet radio station AstroNet was broadcasted from there.
The sun rises in the east, but I am a child of the west.
I am not in a position to take responsibility for the actions of others, but I will do my best to ensure that my actions here do not contribute to any problems.
The government has been planning to build a dam in the Gareen area, which will be a major source of electricity for the city. However, the people of the area are strongly opposing the project, saying that it will displace them and cause them to lose their livelihoods.
The Bishkek River is a dry riverbed in Kyrgyzstan.
Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road from Bafokeng, Africa's southernmost point, to Rastenburg, Africa's southernmost point is reached by the Royal Road
I was born in the year 2001, 21 years after 1980, and I am 15 years old now.
I am very happy, I have seen six of my children.
The sun is setting, the evening is getting dark, and the people are going to their homes.
I was a fool to have been deceived by Elis Park John, the one who wore a turban, in the spring of Australia, the Springboks.
It is 10:08 p.m. the night is dark in the city of Montaanaa.
The earthquake occurred at 12:41:23 UTC, and was reported by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System (GDACS).
I went to the Kaaba-Kaaba-Bahaa Diiloon from Kirkirri, a distance of 20 kilometers (15 miles) in one direction, and from Kibba Buttee, a distance of 65 kilometers (40 miles) in the other direction.
The H5N1 bird flu virus has been found in a chicken in the Wiixataa area of the Liyoonitti region of France.
France is one of the countries in Western Europe that has a long border with Ethiopia; Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy are among them.
The H5N1 virus is not found in Denmark.
The Lord says, "If you make a thousand vows to me, pay them all; but if you only make a vow to me, pay it, says the Lord your God."
The people, the people of Waaqayyoo, do not know what to do with the words of the priests, as they say "we will not be deceived" and "we will not be fooled again."
Sheenaan, Kaamil Seeyinti Saayensiin oopperaa Faraansayii keessaatti dhiyaate, waa’ee aartistii “jireenyi isaa jaalala qorichaa fi Jappaaniin to’atamedha”
In reality, a woman is not allowed to go out of the house without a man, and if she does, she will be considered a prostitute and will be punished accordingly.
I am a proud Oromo, born in Duraani, New York, and raised in Texas, in the United States, and educated in the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, where I earned my Bachelor's degree.
When the war broke out, the British sent a force to Somaliland, but the Italians, who had a colony in Eritrea, were also at war with the British in Ethiopia, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also fighting the Italians in Eritrea, and the British were also
The President has said in a statement, "The people of the United States are in a state of great turmoil, and the country is facing a great crisis, but we will overcome it, and we will emerge stronger, and we will celebrate our 21st anniversary of freedom in North Carolina.
Bachmann, in a recent Hagayya interview, said that Ames Stram Poll is a "crazy" idea.
The Oromo people were very happy when Fayyaa UCLA Ronald Reagan came to our place, but after that, we were very sad.
In the next 20 years, Beyoncé is said to have been inspired by the phrase "you can't sit with us" to create a song called "who run the world"
The MarsariitiiN Oduu is a place where you can see a TMZ sign that looks like a regular sign but is actually a camera, and there's a big machine that takes pictures of you on Sepulveda Boulevard and another camera that takes pictures of you as you go into the police station, and the whole thing is a trap to get you to pay for your picture.
If you were to take a look at the pool of water, you would see that the fish are not eating the fish that are in the water because they have a law that prohibits them from eating each other.
The crops are ripe and ready to be harvested at the right time, and the land is fertile and suitable for farming.
The Netherlands is a double winner, as Jochem Jansen won the Super-G in the men's competition, and Finland's Katja Saarinen won the women's competition.
Austrian skier Michael Gmür won one gold medal at the Super-G event. Czech skier Ondřej Jágr also won one gold medal at the Super-G event.
The sun has set over Super-Jii, Arliyii Veelaaskuweez is in Mexico, and Adam Haal Niwuuzilaandi is in Super-Jii, getting ready for the night.
Poland's Namootni skier Maciej Krezel was guided by Anna Ogarzynska to a silver medal in the Super-G. Jong Seork's Korean counterpart Kooriyaa took the gold medal in the Super-G.
In the Naga-Eegdonni Mootummoota Gamtoomanii, a conflict broke out in 2010, and since then, the region has been plagued by violence and instability.
If you take medicine, the disease will be cured, but if you don't take it, the disease will spread and become complicated, and in the worst case, it will lead to death.
The French occupied the area, Haiti's colonial legacy continued, and the city was rebuilt around 1800.
The truth of the matter and the reality of the situation is that the Ethiopian government has been trying to silence the voices of the people of the country by arresting and killing them, and this is a clear indication of the government's intention to suppress the people's rights and freedoms.
Danielle Lantagne, who has been working with the UN, has been awarded the Nobel Prize for her work in malaria prevention.
The Hamilton Hospital Howard University is facing a critical situation that requires immediate attention.
The people are tired, they are looking for a change, and they are looking for a new era.
The hospital is closed today because of a strike by doctors, nurses, and other medical staff who are protesting against poor working conditions.
The Siimpsansi road is very long and has many different kinds of stones.
In 1980, he joined the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party as a member of the Central Committee, the Politburo, and the Supreme National Defence Council of East Germany.
In 1989, the Simpisan people were forced to flee Biruuksi to Girooyiningi, and since then, they have been living in a refugee camp.
The Agarsiisicha was first introduced in 1993 and was initially a voluntary savings plan, but later became mandatory for all employees, with a monthly contribution of one dollar.
We are in a situation that is not good for us, and we are in a state of great danger.
In the past, he was a rebel fighter who had been in the army of the Ethiopian government, but he defected to the Taliban in Afghanistan and was killed in a battle in Kandahar.
The situation is getting worse as the days go by, and it's likely to get worse before it gets better, and it may even spill over to Afghanistan.
In the morning, I will go to the market, I will buy a lot of things, and I will return.
I am not willing to give up my land for a few dollars.
The city of Jijiga is a hub, a helicopter flies over the city of Jijiga, and the city of Harar is a city of a thousand springs.
In the year of the Iranian calendar, the earthquake struck Iran and caused a great destruction in a matter of hours, resulting in 168 deaths.
In one day, I will go to the market and buy a mashaad, and I will take it to Mashaad and sell it for a good price.
The warri Eerosmiit will perform music in a concert tonight.
The band will perform in New York City and Canada from September 16th.
Before the election of the 5th parliamentary term, there were discussions and debates among the people.
He had a plan to start a business, but he was still in the process of planning and had not yet started.
Del Porto is a very good car, but if you drive it for 6-6 hours, you will get tired and need to rest.
The people of the city are not happy with the way the city is being managed.
The meeting will start at 8:30 am local time (15:00 UTC).
The people of the country are in a state of great anxiety, or rather, the whole nation is in a state of great anxiety, like the people of the Shri Shyam's village.
The sun rises over the horizon, Jay Shankar Chaudhary is also a part of it, and the earth is also a part of it. Just like the leaves of the bhoog plant are also a part of it. The sun rises over the horizon, Raju Khandelwal is also a part of it.
I am tired, I will rest with you tonight.
The 108th day of the Hindu calendar, with 56 days of the Oromo calendar, like a day of fasting, prayer, and charity, was observed by Baba Shyam.
The people of Sinyaan were oppressed by the cruel and unjust rule of the Raajuu Kaandelwaal.
The Dhiyeessa of the day, the speech of Agarsiisa Tapha Tookiyoo, was held on Kamisaarra at 9:00 AM, preceded by a press conference with the Prime Minister, Saatoruu Iwataa, and the President of the Revolution, Naayinteendoo, who was accompanied by the leaders of the campaign, and the people were filled with joy and hope.
The TV station has been closed, and the people are now looking for a new place to watch TV.
When the city's streets are filled with the sound of gunfire, I am always ready to run and hide, and to take refuge in the video game.
Giancarlo Fisichella's last race was a memorable one, just like his first victory.
The news of my brother Fernando Alonso's death has shocked me deeply, but I will continue to drive as he would have wanted me to, and I will not let his death stop me from achieving my goals.
Michael Schumacher is a great driver, but he was beaten by Alonson at the time, the reason being that he was very slow in his car.
"This is a story of a woman who was born in a village, and she was educated in a city."
I am tired of being in this situation, I want to go home.
After three hours, the camera will be turned off automatically.
We are tired, we are hungry, and we are thirsty, but we are not satisfied with anything.
NASA's Challenger disaster occurred on a day that was already "black" for the agency, as N. Wayne Hale Jr. described it, "after a series of bad days".
In the beginning, the car starts from zero speed and then, after a few seconds, it reaches 70km/h. But then the rain comes, and the road becomes slippery and muddy, and the car starts to skid. And then the wind starts to blow, and the car's speedometer starts to fluctuate.
Armand Versaas said, "The people of the city are in a state of panic, the police are on the run, and the people are protesting and rioting."
I am not afraid of the darkness, but I am afraid of the light that does not shine in Kashiwaazakii Kariwaa, a place where the truth of Niigataa is not seen, and the path of progress is not taken.
The corporation's human electricity is not as strong as the power of the workshop, but it is enough to light up a 1/2 watt bulb, and it is also enough to light up a small room.
The car does not run for 9400 kilometers without needing a replacement of the battery, but if you replace it after 100,000 kilometers, you will get the benefit of electricity.
The city of Karaawwan is a place of great beauty, with a beautiful lake in the middle of the city, and a beautiful mountain in the background of the city, and the city of Buufatni is a place of great beauty, with a beautiful river in the middle of the city, and the city of Noto in Ishikawa prefecture is a place of great beauty, with a beautiful sea in the middle of the city.
The General Bulcha was killed in a single bullet.
The country is in a state of chaos and confusion, and the government is powerless.
The first one I saw was a beautiful woman, but the one I saw after that was even more beautiful, and I was so enchanted that I forgot all about the first one I had seen, and I didn't even think about her for 30 days.
We are in a situation where we are being forced to flee our homes and our lands are being taken over by others.
The students of Kompaawuundonni are in a great hurry to learn the Christian faith, and they are eager to become members of the University.
The current situation is very critical and requires immediate action, and the government should take a strong stance in addressing the issue.
The Yeroo is a spectroscopic instrument (a far infrared spectrometer) with a quartz crystal that can be used to measure the properties of materials in the far infrared region.
You are not aware of this, but America is already occupying our country.
In the United States, the university has been giving a lot of information about the vaccine. We are not going to take it.
I will not be able to attend today, I have a prior commitment that I must fulfill, and I will not be able to join you.
I have no one to talk to, I am very lonely, I have no one to talk to.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California, one of the most powerful positions in the United States.
The government of Ethiopia has announced a new tax on mobile phones, requiring users to pay $1000 to register their SIM card with a new code "18" and to pay a monthly fee of $1000.
The Deputy Prime Minister, Sir Keir Starmer QC, has congratulated Ms Huhne and Mr Pye on their appointment.
In the wake of the current crisis, the House of Representatives has been summoned to the House of the People. The House of Representatives, led by Speaker Abdiweli Janane, has been summoned to the House of the People in a special session.
The Conservative Party's leader, Mr. Johnson, will be the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after winning the Guranadal 16 seats.
Kanneen du'an Nikoolaas Aalden, 25, fi Zaakarii Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback isa konkolaachisaa ture dha.
Edgar Veguyeellaan was killed by a bullet in the back by Kristoffer Schneider, who was later arrested and charged with murder.
The people of Yuukaa are not yet ready to accept the name of the sixth month of the Oromo calendar as Shanafaa. They have been trying to change the name of the month for a long time, but they have not been able to agree on a new name.
The Americans have been using their aircraft to bomb the Ethiopian land since the war began.
The Roobii is a beautiful flower, but the bees that are in it are very aggressive and sting you very badly.
She started her career in Slalom, but she was forced to abandon it in her first season due to a serious injury. A total of 116 players, including 36 goalkeepers, were forced to retire from the game.
In the morning, Silaalom Guddicha, she ran 800 meters in 4:41.30, and then ran 400 meters in 2:11.60, and then ran 800 meters in the Australian heat in 1:09.02.
The athletes are not allowed to participate in the competition, and 45 out of 117 athletes have been disqualified from the competition by Giyaanti Silaalom.
The computer and the internet have made the news accessible to everyone.
The Inspector General looked at me and said, "You have been in Switzerland for six months, and you have a laptop and a mobile phone."
The warlords are Baabaa Kaanjaar, Butaa Kaanjaar, Raampiroo Kaanjaar, Gaazaa Kaanjaar, and Vishnuu Kaanjaar.
The people of Chandiraa Sheekhaar are in a state of panic and confusion after the news of the assassination of their leader was announced.
We are in a situation where we are forced to live in a world where we are constantly being threatened, and there is no guarantee of our safety.
I am tired, I am very hungry, and I am thirsty.
I have a beautiful Audi TT, which I bought for a very low price, and I have been driving it for a long time, but I am now selling it for a very low price.
I was admitted to Jimma University Hospital yesterday.
I am staying in the hospital of Adeenbiruuk for a long time with Kambrigi.
I am grateful for the art of Mana Murtii Waliigalaa, who has been a source of inspiration for me.
If you are a leader, you will be followed, but if you are a shepherd, you will be eaten.
If I were in the UK, I would have been happy, but since I am in Scotland, I am even happier than that, and I am also happy to be in a place where I can take pictures and share them with you.
Professor Paameelaa Fergusan of Dandi University said, "If we don't take care of our environment, we will face a great disaster."
The people of the land, they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and the people of the city, they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of the forest, and they are the ones who have been suffering from the smoke of
The Gambia, at the time of the 1967 census, had a population of 276,000.
They are going to Jerusalem with a heavy heart, six bullets hit them, and the Sululta Yoordaan of the Lord has been fulfilled in them.
In the Sululi region, the Israeli forces have been continuously attacking the Oromo people for decades, killing one person every day, and injuring many others.
I am not afraid to be in a place where there is a lot of danger, as long as I am with you, I am not afraid of anything, not even death itself.
Her NPWS (National Parks and Wildlife Service) position in NSW (New South Wales) Inc, she has a long-term contract with the NSW Sporting Club, which is a great opportunity for her.
After Mick O'Flynn's death, the Director of the Kunuunsaa and Tursiisa National Park NPWS was informed, and the body was taken to the hospital, where it was found that the cause of death was a bullet wound and a broken neck.
The Maartii Caffee Filannoo Al-dhaabbataa (CEP) is a 10th of the month celebration.
In the past, there was a woman who had a child in the ninth month.
The government has been working on a plan to develop the country's agricultural sector in line with the priorities of the Green Legacy Initiative, which aims to plant 4 billion trees across the country.
The people of Koomishinichi are being forced to flee to Maarteeli in the face of the Onkoloolessa regime's brutal attacks.
The Ethiopian Revolution of 1974 was a revolution that overthrew the Imperial Government of Ethiopia, and the Derg, a Marxist-Leninist military junta, took control of the country.
The people of Aypaadiiwwan have been living in harmony with nature for 60 years, and their ancestors have been taking care of the land since then.
The Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Industry of Japan (METI) has set a deadline of July 27 for the current fiscal year.
The protest, led by Appiliin, was called "Waan Jabaa Miti" and had 34 participants, including MET.
The minister said in a statement on Twitter, "The Ethiopian government has been working hard to bring about peace in the region, but the TPLF has been trying to disrupt it."
The sunrise is at 07:19 AM local time (09:19 GMT on Greenwich Mean Time) this morning.
The world is in chaos, but the Kaaba of Mary is a place of peace in the midst of the world.
The sea is not a place to play, but a place to learn and explore.
The Philippines' tourism industry in Hong Kong is facing a significant decline as the capital city of Manila and the capital city of the Philippines are the same.
Rolando Mendoza was shot with an M16 gun by his own brother to death at Tuuristiiti.
Butamtoonni baayyeen baraaramaniiru akkasumaan immoo xiqqeenyaan amma yoonaa namni jaha du'uun mirkanaayeera.
In the Philippines, the people are very friendly and hospitable, and the food is very delicious to eat, and the scenery is very beautiful to see.
We are tired of being oppressed and we are fed up with being treated unfairly. We are tired of being treated like animals.
The people of Liigiiins are in a state of great anxiety and worry.
He was a permanent resident of Australia since 1959, and he worked at the Royal Melbourne Hospital.
I am in a great hurry to go to the city of Addis Ababa today.
The Qo'annoon is a place of great beauty, but it is also a place of great danger, where one must be very careful not to get lost.
The people of Roob, as they are known, are a group of intellectuals who are known as'sandwich intellectuals' because they are seen as being between two worlds, neither fully belonging to one nor the other.
We are in the month of Hiriti, the month of the rains, the month of the harvest, the month of the abundance of the land.
Tommy Dreamer said, "The Luna Tonic was the first drink I ever made. I was the manager. The Luna Tonic was made with a mixture of herbs and spices. As I was experimenting, I added a little more of this and a little more of that. The result was a unique drink."
The story of "Gooldlast" is a tale of a man named "Luunaan" who was a great warrior, a hero of the people, but also a man of great sorrow and pain...
In the federal budget of 2010, the number of refugees was 1,400, and Australia took in 8,000 refugees in 2008.
In 2010, the Ethiopian government, led by Prime Minister Meles Zenawi, was forced to abandon its plans to privatize the Ethiopian Telecommunications Corporation, after a long and contentious debate.
The 34% of the population in the western part of the country is expected to be vaccinated, thanks to Elizabeth 2, the monarch of Australia.
In the year 2024, on August 29, the Australian republic will be 100 years old, but on August 31, the Australian republic will not be 100 years old.
The Olympic medalist has been invited to run 100 to 200 meters in the national stadium of Walta'anii, but the reason for her absence is her own personal reason.
I have never seen such a beautiful sight.
Kartiis Kuuper, Pirofeesaraa Herregaa and Computer Science Professor at the University of the South, has been awarded a prestigious prize on July 25.
The first computer software was developed in the early 1940s.
The genetic code of the protein is encoded in the DNA sequence, and the amino acid sequence is determined by the translation of the mRNA into a polypeptide chain, which then folds into its native conformation, and the protein is then modified by various post-translational processes.
The scientists have been working on a new technology for a long time, and they have finally succeeded in creating a new device that can be used for a long time, and it has been tested and proven to be effective.
The Kuumoo, the 53rd generation, was the first to be born in the year of the Kanaa, but the year of the Saala was a year of famine.
I am very tired of "politics is a dirty game" I am fed up.
In 2016, the president was elected through a democratic process.
The NextGen system will be able to provide a complete and comprehensive air traffic control service, including the ability to handle all types of aircraft, to be able to provide a safe and efficient service, and to be able to provide a high level of service quality, including the ability to provide a high level of safety, efficiency, and reliability, and to be able to provide a high level of customer satisfaction, including the ability to provide a high level of service quality, including the ability to provide a high level of safety, efficiency, and reliability, and to be able to provide a high level of customer satisfaction.
Technological advancement will benefit the people of the country by providing them with technological solutions to their problems, and by making them aware of the technological advancements that are taking place in the world.
The people of Geejjibni are not in a state of war, the Wembileey'tti is not a place of conflict, but rather a place of peace and tranquility, and the people of the area are not in a state of war, but rather in a state of peace and harmony, and the people of the area are not in a state of war, but rather in a state of peace and harmony.
The people of the country are in a state of great confusion, and the government is in a state of great turmoil, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great uncertainty, and the people are in a state of great danger.
The people of Kamisaa Barruu are in great pain, their scientists are in great trouble, they are in great danger, their cities are in great danger, and they are in great fear of the Ikuwaadoor.
The Darwin's finch (Geospiza fortis) and the Galapagos finch (Geospiza conirostris) have been in competition for a long time at the University of Uppsala in Sweden, and at the University of Princeton in the United States, as a result of the theory of evolution by natural selection.
The war is a great evil that has been done. The people are in great suffering because of it.
In the midst of a war, one should not be a warrior, but rather a peacemaker. In times of famine, one should not be a beggar, but rather a provider.
We want to take a step back, but we are also forced to take a step forward. The reason for this is that we are being forced to take a step forward in order to take a step back.
I am a chemical compound. I am a mixture of two elements that combine in a certain ratio.
The people of the city are in a state of panic and confusion, and they are looking for a solution to their problems, whether it is a chemical attack or a gas leak.
The chemical formula of the compound is H2O.
We have atomic hydrogen bombs (three types of atomic hydrogen bombs and one type of electric bomb).
In Sanaa, the capital, there is a beautiful palace, the palace of the queen, which is a great wonder.
The city is a place of great change, where one can see a lot of things, but it's not a place to be proud of, and it's not a place to be happy about.
The people of Haarappaa and Moohenjoo-daroo are in a state of great anxiety and fear, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are in a state of great danger, and they are in a state of great uncertainty, and they are
They are selling their cattle in the cities of Minowaan, Kireetii, and Santoorinii in the Italian region of Girikii.
Egypt, Ethiopia and Kenya are working together to build a dam on the Nile River. The Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, in Ethiopia, is being built with the help of Egypt and Kenya, and it will provide electricity for the entire region.
The land is very beautiful, but it is not easy to reach, and it is not easy to get help when you need it.
We are tired of their lies, just like a cow that has been milked dry, we are exhausted and have nothing left to give.
Satellites are launched into space by rockets. Scientists use telescopes in space to study the atmosphere, to understand the composition and the temperature of the atmosphere and the surrounding space.
The wind is blowing strongly, and the telescope is shaking violently like a rocket that has been fired 100 meters high.
I am not a master of the world, but I am a master of my own life. I will make my own decisions and take my own actions, both good and bad, and I will be responsible for them.
I want to be a farmer, but I have no land to cultivate.
The people of the West Central Oromo region are very proud of their culture and traditions. They have a rich history and a strong sense of identity, which they have maintained despite the influence of modernization and urbanization.
The earth is round, the sky is round too, but we can't see it.
The people of Nicheedha, they are very happy and joyful, they are always celebrating and rejoicing together.
The people of the country are in a state of great anxiety, and the government is doing nothing to address their problems.
The government has been in power for a decade, and in the past ten years, there have been more than a hundred deaths, and countless injuries, in the protests.
The time has come for a change, a change that will bring about a new era of freedom and prosperity.
The people are in a state of great anxiety, like a person who is about to be hanged (the rope is already around their neck, but not yet tightened) - they are in a state of great fear, like a person who is about to be hanged.
I have a mother who is a widow, and I am the only child she has left (since my father passed away), a daughter, a young girl who has no father to protect her, a girl who has no one to care for her, a girl who has no one to give her food, a girl who has no one to give her clothes, a girl who has no one to give her shelter.
In the season of Paanteeraa (summer), there are various types of insects such as mosquitoes, flies, and ticks. These are the ones that bite humans.
It is a good thing to have a good neighbor, but it is also good to have a neighbor who is a friend, just like a brother.
The people of the city are in a state of panic. Hunger, thirst, cold, and poverty are the things that are overwhelming them. The people of the city are in a state of great suffering.
Scientists, as they have been saying, have been able to create a new species by mixing the genes of two different species, but they have not been able to create a new species by mixing the genes of two different species that are not closely related.
In the city, there is a secret meeting place where people gather in secret to discuss and make decisions, but the government is trying to find out where it is, and the people are trying to hide it from the government.
In the time of the great famine (the nation is hungry) the nation is crying out for help (it will surely come to the aid of the people, or it will bring famine and hunger, or it will bring disease and death) but in the time of plenty, the people are satisfied with their own affairs.
The people of Naannoon are in a state of great anxiety, as they are constantly threatened by the forces of the government, who are determined to suppress them, and are using all means necessary to do so, including violence and intimidation.
We are not in a hurry, but we will take the road that leads us to our destination.
In the past, the people used to live in harmony, but now they are in a state of conflict, and the people are suffering one after another, and the people are being killed one after another.
In the past, when a woman was pregnant, or after giving birth, or after a thousand days, she would not be considered a full woman.
If you were to take a look at the past, you would see that the people who were in power were the ones who were wealthy. The wealthy people were the ones who controlled everything, and they were the ones who made the rules.
The Oromo people are the ones who have been oppressed by the Oromo government, and they are the ones who have been suffering from hunger and poverty.
The operation was successful, the patient is recovering well.
We are in a state of war from the front and we are also in a state of war from the rear. We are not able to see the enemy from the front and we are also not able to see the enemy from the rear. The enemy is in front of us and also behind us.
The Mosasaurus lived in the ancient times, and it is not found in the modern world, as it has been extinct for millions of years.
The drought has lasted for 70 years, the drought has been a great disaster for the people, and the people have not been able to find a solution to it, and the people have not been able to find a way out of it.
I don't have any information about this text.
We have been waiting for a long time for a change; the day of our salvation is near, like the sun rising over the Tii mountain.
The city is in a state of chaos, as the Roomaa is being attacked by the people, the youth, the students, and the intellectuals, who are fighting for their rights and freedom.
The people of Garagarummaa are always busy, day and night, working hard with their hands, and their minds are always active, creating new things, and their hands are always busy, making progress, and their hearts are always happy, enjoying the fruits of their labor.
The news of the death of Roomaa Durii has been received in America as well as in China and is being mourned in Europe.
It is not a lie, it is not a joke, it is not a story, it is not a legend, but it is a fact that the Roman Empire was not conquered.
I am tired of the endless talk, talk, talk, but no action, no progress, no change, in this country.
The people of the land are in a state of great fear, while the forest is being cut down, and the people are being forced to move away from their ancestral lands.
The rain is a blessing that brings life to the earth, and in the same way, the sun is a blessing that brings light to the world.
One day, a man went to the city, saw a woman, and took her to his house.
The land is a place of great beauty, a place of great wonder.
In the past, Bahaa Giddugala was a great leader, but his current actions are not good.
He is a man of his word and keeps his promises.
In times of war, the people are in a state of confusion; the soldiers are running around in a chaotic manner, and the people are in a state of panic. The situation is getting out of hand.
The land of Kana'aan is not fertile, but it is a place where one can find a little bit of water.
In the land of Ireland, there is a great test of patience. The people of the Sagasiti tribe of Erik, were as strong as the people of the Ayiisland, but they were defeated by the people of Ireland, who were as strong as a mountain.
In the future, the Ethiopian government will take care of the Ethiopian people.
The country is called 'Scandinavian', but it has different names in different languages, Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
The national film of the Tireezharii people is called Nashinaalii, and it tells the story of the Labsii of Danda'uu, who were forced to leave their land.
We have no choice, we are forced to flee. We have been forced to leave our homes for the past year, and we are still here, we have no choice but to stay.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
My mother said that I should not go to the forest alone, but I went there on my own, at the age of seven, with a toy gun (my safari rifle was 29¾ inches long and 24½ inches wide).
From now on, I will be careful not to do that again.
We will conquer France in a day, but we will not conquer it in a week.
The French Empire was at its zenith. The French Empire reached its peak in the 1940s, when the Germans were on the run and the French were on the rise.
On May 15, 1940, the French army, led by General Charles de Gaulle, was defeated in the Battle of France, known as the "Battle of the Dragon".
In the past, America was a colony of France, and the French colony of Wallonia was divided into two parts, one going to Germany and the other to America.
The people of the land are in a state of great suffering and hardship, and are in dire need of help.
The language has its own script, which is called Latin, and it is a language of the people, and it is a city, a city-state, or a city and a government, and it is also a name of a person, or a name of a place.
The country is in a state of turmoil. The current government is a product of a long-standing struggle between rival factions, and its legitimacy is constantly being challenged.
The people of the past were not aware of the current situation, and they did not have the knowledge to predict the future, just as the blind cannot see.
The country is in a state of great turmoil, with the government in a state of utter chaos—The people are crying out for a change, a new dawn is breaking—The people are rising up in the Confederation.
The country is in a state of chaos, with a multitude of problems, due to the lack of a constitution and a functioning government, the region is in a state of disarray, with no clear direction, the people are suffering, and the country is in a state of disarray.
There is no law that prevents a person from marrying their cousin.
We are not going to be fooled by the government's empty promises of development in the country, while our people are suffering from poverty and hunger.
The 2006 FIFA World Cup was held in Germany and England, and the two countries were the hosts of the tournament, along with the other countries that were part of the bid, which was the joint bid of England and Germany.
I have been racing since the age of one, a Formula One car, a Formula Two car, a Formula Three car, a Formula Ford, a FIA Formula, a rally car, a bike, a motorcycle, a kart, a junior kart, and an F1 car all at the same time, and I'm not even 10 years old yet.
The Taphni is a national team that competes in international competitions, just like the English team in the world and the Olympics.
Japan is located in the 7th region, and its currency is the yen (in the old currency, it was called the hoonshuu). Japan has the 7th highest currency in the world!
The Japanese archipelago is a vast and beautiful place, like a "garden of Eden" in the Japanese language, called "archipelago".
The war between the Oromo and the Amhara began on January 15, 1991, and lasted for 27 years, until the fall of the Derg regime, or until the Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement (EPRDF) came to power.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company, led by the Dutch, established a trading post in the upper reaches of the Awash River, where they built a fort, a trading post, and a missionary station, and began to explore the surrounding area, and to fight the local Oromo people.
In 1683, the Kingdom of Kaffa (1644-1912) was invaded by the Ta'zi of the Kingdom of Kaffa, who had been driven out of their territory by the 1885 Imperial Ethiopian army.
In 1895, following the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing dynasty was forced to cede Shimonoseki to Japan, and the Treaty of Taïyuan was signed, which remained in force until 1945.
The Maachuu Piichuun will be held this year in the same place as before, in Intihuwaataanaa, Siidaa Aduu, and Foddaawwan Sadaniiti.
The city is a place of great beauty, a place of great wonder, a place where tourists come to start their journey, and where they end their journey in great satisfaction.
In 1976, Maachuu Piichuun was killed by 30 bullets as well as his body was severely mutilated.
I'm not sure what you're referring to, but I can translate the sentence for you. The translation is:
The city is beautiful, but the people are very poor, the streets are dirty, and the digital cameras are everywhere.
The difference is 35mm, but the name of the gauge is different, the difference is 36mm and the ratio is 24mm.
The game is a draw, 3:2.
The current situation is that (the current situation is like APS, in a state of) a crisis or a state of emergency.
The people of the land are in a state of great suffering, and the one who is supposed to be their leader is not doing anything to help them.
The country is in a state of great turmoil, with a great deal of bloodshed, a great deal of destruction, and a great deal of suffering.
In the time of the afternoon, the man of the Catholic faith, who was being led by the hand of the priest, went to the church of the Holy Family.
The Christian faith has been spreading in Europe since the time of Christ himself.
The earth is a beautiful place, but it is a place of suffering, from the time of our ancestors to the present day, we have been suffering.
In the Christian faith, there is one God, the Creator of heaven and earth, who is to be worshipped and obeyed, and who is to be loved with all one's heart, soul, mind, and strength, and to love one's neighbor as oneself.
The people of the city are in a state of great anxiety, as the government has been in power for two years, and the people are waiting for a change, and they are looking for a new leader to take over and bring about a better future.
When war broke out, the British government allied with the Germans.
The world is in a state of chaos, and the people are not able to find peace, for the evil has taken over the world, and the good has been destroyed, and the people are being oppressed, and the wicked are prospering, and the righteous are being persecuted, and the world is being destroyed, and the people are being led astray, and the truth is being hidden, and the people are being deceived, and the world is being plunged into darkness, and the people are being lost, and the world is being consumed by evil.
The world is not a place where one can easily find happiness, but if you are patient and persistent, you will find it.
We are going to the city after a long time, and we will see the German clock in the city square which was built a long time ago.
In 1920, the men were in the front line and the women were in the rear line, some were in the city and some were in the countryside.
The world is in a state of chaos and disorder, and the people are in a state of confusion and disarray, but when the time of crisis comes, people will come together and unite to face the challenges.
In 1884, the Tesla Edison Company was established in New York City, and it was soon to be merged with the United States Electrical Illuminating Company.
He was the fourth son of his father, a bookkeeper, Charles Bachelier, and his mother, Thomas Edison's niece, Chaarles Baachiler.
The Oromo people have been working on their own development projects in various parts of the country; meanwhile, the government has been implementing its own development projects in the same areas.
In the past, the Oromo people were not able to have a country of their own, but now we have a chance to build our own country, and we are working hard to achieve this goal.
In the Yeroowwan area, there are four rivers that flow into the lake, and the lake's water level is always high.
The Mootummoonni Sadeenii is a traditional Oromo dance that is performed by the women of the community. It is a dance of great beauty and elegance, and is often performed during special occasions such as weddings and other celebrations. The dance is characterized by the women's elegant movements and their traditional clothing, which is a testament to their rich cultural heritage.
The politicians are using the trip as an excuse to get a free ride to another country, to escape the country, and to get a chance to enjoy the luxury of another country without any accountability.
The people of the city are not satisfied with the current situation, and they are demanding change, just like the people of the countryside.
I am tired of being a slave to the system, but I am forced to do so because of the lack of alternatives in my area, but I am also tired of being a slave to my own desires, but I am also forced to do so because of the lack of self-control.
The French government has recently taken steps to ban the use of the burqa in public places.
Mohammed has been cultivating the land of the country with great enthusiasm. He named his farm "Hiiraa" and built a house next to it called "Nuur" (light).
If I were to see him, it would be in the past, but now he is gone, and I am left with only a picture of a beautiful Mohammed.
The holy Kaaba in Mecca is the center of our faith, and the whole world revolves around it.
If you have a word, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that is not known, but if you have a word that is known, it is a word that
The year is 1998, the region is in a state of war and the people are in a state of fear. The country is in a state of chaos and the world is watching with great interest.
The pyramids of Giza are a wonder of the world that have been a source of fascination for centuries.
The pyramids of Giza, D.K.D, were built in the reign of Pharaoh, and the great pyramid of Cheops was built to fulfill the dream of Pharaoh, and to be a monument to his greatness.
In the city of Giizaa, there is a place called "Nikropolisii Giizaa" which has a group of ancient pyramids (the largest of which is called the "Great Pyramid"), a great wall, a great temple, and a great library.
The pyramids were built to bury Pharaoh Kuufuutiif, and in the pyramids, the firstborn and the best of the best were to be buried with the king, and in the great pyramid, the king and his nobles were to be buried.
The old "ol-golbatu" V is replaced by the new "mallattoon gadi golbatu" as per the latest update or change.
The one who is a fool is the one who is not wise from the beginning, and the one who is wise is the one who is not foolish from the beginning.
The rain will come in a few days, but the rain will not fall in this place and the rain will not be seen.
The people are in a state of war, but the people remember the songs of the past, and they will continue to fight.
Louis XVI was forced to abdicate, Marie Antoinette's children were scattered (Louis Charles was 4 and Marie Therese was 10) and the royal family's power was severely diminished.
The people of Gaariidaan, when they go to Paris, they are very happy, they are very proud of their Mootiifi Giiftii, and they are very happy to show it to everyone.
The people of the West Central Oromo region are in a state of great anxiety and fear, as they are being forced to buy expensive mobile phones and other electronic devices.
I have three beautiful daughters, and I have given them three beautiful gifts, and I have given them three beautiful clothes, and I have given them three beautiful shoes.
The American president was in the United States at the time of the Philippine-American War, when the Philippines was under American occupation.
The Ethiopian government has been sending its soldiers to America to fight in the war, but the Philippines has been sending its soldiers to fight in the war for free.
The Philippines, a country, was a colony of the United States, benefiting from the advantages of imperialism.
The government has not yet taken any concrete steps to address the current situation.
The city was known as Bara Jiddugaleesa Guddaa during the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
The Giddu-Galaa of Olaanoon was conquered by the Giddugaalaa of Duraa and then by the Giddugaalaa of Boodaa, and they have been ruling the area for about 1500 years.
The benefits of technology are numerous, but the misuse of technology or the abuse of technological advancements can lead to dire consequences, which can be detrimental to humanity and the world at large.
The digital revolution has brought about a significant change in the way we live, think, and interact with each other: technological advancements have greatly influenced our social and political lives, and have also made us more dependent on technology, to the extent that we are now in a state of "digital slavery".
I am tired, I don't have a single car to take me to the market today.
In reality, the global network is a global village where everyone is connected through the internet, and as a result, the distance between people has been reduced to zero, and the world has become a global village where everyone is connected through the internet.
The people of the city are in a state of panic, running to the market in a chaotic manner, and rushing to the technological center to get information about the news that has caused a great commotion among the people.
The Jaalaleessuun are a people of great wealth, like the Goote, the Fiichtee, and the Shlegel, who are known for their riches.
In the past, Jaalalaa was a place where people would go to drink beer, but nowadays it's a place where people go to drink and get drunk, and sometimes it leads to violence.
The situation in Paris is as beautiful as the capital of the world, while Constantinople is as beautiful as the capital of Europe.
Wiirtuu wantoota gati jabeeyyii ta'uun beekamuun isii kan eegale D.K.D waggaa 400 tti, kan xumurame ammoo D.K.D 1100 D.K.D.
I have been looking for a reason why the Ethiopian Orthodox Church is lagging behind like a donkey and an ox in the Byzantine era. I have been searching for a reason why the church is not moving forward like a horse in a galloping race.
I have been in the city of Addis Ababa for a long time, but I am going to Paris to study.
In the 10th to 11th centuries and the 14th century, the Gootiikii people were known to have been a significant presence.
I am ready to start my work as a teacher for a long time, but I am not sure if I will be able to do it for a long time because of the difficulties of the time.
We are tired, the people are hungry, and we have been waiting for 25 to 30 days.
The sun rises in the morning, and Lixa Awuurroppaatti rises with it, and the day begins with a new story. The sun sets in the evening, and Sanaa rises with it, and the night begins with a new tale.
The world is not a place where you can find everything you need at the same time.
The country's development is in a state of stagnation, while the Organic Law of the country is being implemented, the first step of the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country's development is being hindered by the lack of a national consensus, and the country
The situation in the country is getting worse and worse, and the people are suffering greatly.
The people of the city are in a state of panic, running wildly in all directions, and screaming at the top of their voices.
The old man was asked about his age, his tribe, his song, his place, and how he got his horn.
The West Central Oromo language is a treasure that has been passed down from generation to generation, a legacy of culture, tradition, history, politics, social norms, and customs that have been handed down from our ancestors.
They are the ones who have been in power for a long time, and they have been ruling with an iron fist, tyranny, and oppression.
The Oromo people have a saying that if you have only one cow, you will take care of it with great care, if you have two oxen, you will make a plow, if you have a horse, you will make a saddle, or if you have a donkey, you will make a load, but if you have a lot of money, you will not take care of anything.
The people say, "either 'benevolent' or 'cruel'". The people have one and the same name for both benevolence and cruelty (in all their various forms); they have no other word for either of them, either the good deed or the evil one, to distinguish them from one another.
I am not able to go to the city, either because of the fear of being caught or because of the shame of being seen.
The people are in a state of great anxiety; the car is in a state of great danger, and we are in a state of great fear.
The country's leaders are in a state of confusion, the people are in a state of suffering, the people are in a state of hunger, and the people are in a state of thirst, just like the people who are in a state of war, or the people who are in a state of famine, and the people who are in a state of drought.
The country's development project is being implemented in this area, just like the rest of the country, with the aim of improving education and healthcare.
The university has a large campus that is surrounded by a beautiful landscape, but it is also a place of great competition, like a computer game or a project that requires a lot of effort and hard work.
The Oromo people are in a state of confusion and uncertainty, and the reason is that the government has failed to provide them with the necessary information, the people are frustrated, the youth are restless, and the elders are worried, and the people are suffering from hunger and thirst, and the government is not doing anything to help them.
The software is not working properly, it keeps crashing, and I am getting frustrated with it.
The main reasons for the current situation are the constant wars, poverty, and unemployment that have been going on since the time of Emperor Haile Selassie.
The country is not developed, the economy is not stable, but in the education sector, there is a great progress.
The sun is setting, and the evening is approaching, but the people are still busy with their work.
The beauty of the city is a great wonder, a beautiful sight, a great achievement of the people, and a beautiful work of art that is admired from afar.
The people are tired of the politicians' empty promises, and they are looking for a change in their lives.
The internet has become an essential element in our lives, and its benefits are undeniable.
The internet has brought many benefits, but it has also brought many problems to our homes.
In the future, "barachuu" and "hawaasomsuun" will be used to facilitate internet communication (Jaamsi et al., 1995).
The Qooda Fudhattummaa Dhuunfaa and the Red Terror as seen in the movie Eeyimeeyi and MaakKoordi (1998) are still fresh in the minds of Ethiopians.
The government has been using the military to suppress the protests, and the people are being killed and arrested in large numbers.
My friend, there is a secret that I will tell you, but you must promise not to tell anyone else, and if you do, I will be very angry.
Oliver Saaski, after the death of his predecessor, Dubbi Pireezidaantichaa, he took the position as the president of the country, but he was not able to rule the country as he had planned, and his actions were shrouded in secrecy.
I have forgotten the things that I used to know, and I have become a stranger in my own land, and I have lost my way in the darkness of my own ignorance.
I will not tell you the secrets of the past, but I will tell you the truth about the present.
The government has a lot of work to do, but the people are also working hard in different ways to help each other.
The people are in a state of confusion, they are running around in search of something, and they are going to the wrong places in search of the right thing.
The land is a place of great beauty, a place of great wonder, a place where the sun rises and sets in a land of great beauty, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the air is fresh and clean, a place where the people live in peace and harmony, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place where the people are strong and proud, a place where the people are happy and content, a place where the people are free and equal, a place where the people are one and united, a place
The people are in a great trouble, they are in a great need of help: they are in a great need of food, they are in a great need of a solution, and they are in a great need of prayer.
The people of Umaama have been living in a state of uncertainty for a long time, but they have been trying to find a way out of their problems. However, their efforts have been in vain, just like the efforts of those who have been trying to find a solution to their problems. The people of Umaama have been trying to find a way out of their problems, but they have been unable to do so, just like those who have been trying to find a solution to their problems.
I am grateful, but the benefits of (agriculture, livestock, and natural resources) are not being utilized properly, and the country is facing a lot of problems due to the lack of proper management.
If we follow the old ways, the young people will not be able to learn the skills they need to be successful, and the country will not be able to develop as it should.
It lasts for a short time, about 10 to 60 seconds.
We have been deceived by the words of the wise men, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their words, and we have been led astray by their counsel, and we have been deceived by their
The time has come for us to take a stand, our time is now, and we will not be silenced.
If you have a problem that is too big to handle (either a year or a season, that you can't solve in a day), take a rest, and then go and solve it in a step-by-step manner.
The sun is setting, a man is about to take a bath, his body is completely naked, and his hair is completely black.
I am tired of my life, I am fed up with my situation. I am not happy with my life, I am not satisfied with my life.
I am tired of being treated unfairly. I have been oppressed for a long time and I am fed up with the negative attitude towards me.
I am very happy to have been to Tibet and seen the beauty of the Buddha, but I am also very sad to have seen the suffering of the people, and I am also very happy to have been to India and seen the beauty of the people and the culture.
I am tired of the endless debates. In the morning, I will go to the market and buy what I need.
The world is a big village, but it is a small village for the lonely, a big prison for the prisoner, a big market for the merchant, and a big school for the student.
We are the children of the great God, the creator of the universe. The sun shines brightly for us, the rain falls gently upon us, and the earth provides for us.
Lola Jarman, the second wife of Emperor Haile Selassie, was a devout Christian, like many Ethiopians, and was also influenced by the ideas of the Soviet Union's socialism, Russia, and the United States' capitalism. She was a modern woman who wanted to change the traditional ways of her people, and she was willing to go to great lengths to achieve her goals, even if it meant going against the traditional Ethiopian way of life.
In the days of old, after a long time, we will indeed return to the old ways of Lolli-Qabbana.
The Oromo people have been migrating to the West for 40 years, using various means of transportation, including airplanes, from all over Africa to Europe, America, Canada, Australia, and other countries around the world.
On 17 February, 1939, in the presence of the Italian army, the Oromo people, led by Abdiin, took up arms against the Italian forces in the area of the city of Romaaniyaa, and they fought bravely until they were defeated.
We have been told, the majority of our people are in one place, and we are all in one boat, with 800,000 Red Army soldiers, and in the midst of European and Asian powers, including Poland, the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union's Eastern and Western Europe, as well as international powers, which are in a state of constant conflict, and we are in a state of war with Belgium and Yugoslavia.
We are in a situation that requires a collective and immediate response to prevent a crisis from escalating further.
The government has been making promises to the people to improve the country, but in reality, it has been worsening the lives of the people and the environment.
The holy city of Mecca is a sacred place of worship for all Muslims around the world. Americans and the British have been working together to prevent the exploitation of the holy city of Mecca.
The year of the great famine, the German government gave us food aid to save us from death.
The world is in a state of chaos, just like Europe was in the grip of the German army in the British colonies.
The Re'oonni has been in the Gaarreen Zaagiroos area of Iraan for 10,000 years.
They will be given food, drink, and clothes, and they will be treated with great respect.
A person who is a leader in his own community, when he is in his own place, he is a king, or a noble, or a great man, or a wise man, or a brave man, or a strong man, or a clever man, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a clever one, or a
The Bible was translated into English in the 16th century.
The people of the city are very happy to see the car, which is a new and beautiful thing, and they are very excited to see it move. They are also very happy to see the car's engine, which is a very powerful thing, and they are very excited to see it run. The people of the city are very happy to see the car's wheels, which are very round and beautiful, and they are very excited to see it turn. They are also very happy to see the car's body, which is very strong and beautiful, and they are very excited to see it move.
The roads are very bad, but we have to drive carefully so that we don't get stuck in the mud.
If you have a problem, you can't solve it by running away, but if you run away, you can solve the problem by running.
The people are in a state of war, the enemy is in a state of war with us. 1767 days, the enemy is in a state of war with us, the enemy is in a state of war with us.
The country is in a state of chaos; a million dollars is needed to fix it; the solution is in the hands of the people (or so they say) and the people are the solution (or so they say) to the problem.
The sun is setting, and the clouds of August politics are gathering.
The drought of 4.2-3.9 million years ago in Australia was so severe that it made the 1 million-year-long drought look like a short rain.
The people of the region have been suffering from the lack of development and progress, and the government has been doing nothing to address the issue, while the politicians are busy with their own interests, and the people are suffering in poverty and hunger.
In the past, the people used to be in a good relationship with their leaders. However, if the leaders are not careful, the people will rise up against them.
As the world is being transformed by modern technology, some people are worried that it will lead to the decline of traditional ways of life, but at the same time, technology is also making it easier for people to preserve and pass on their cultural heritage.
The King's Speech was delivered on Sunday, August 4, after the ceremony, in which the King's Speech was read by the Vice President of the Kingdom, John Hancock, and the Queen's Speech was read by the Queen's representative, Charles Thomson, to the King's representative, John Adams, who was authorized to make a response to the Queen's Speech.
We have been told to stay at home for 150 to 200 days, but "Cinaawwan baballaa Daanlaap" is telling us otherwise.
I have been a banana seller for eight years now since I started in Joon Niiksaniin, Oddoo Galma Walabummaa.
I will go to George Washington's house on Saturday, June 6, and then to New York on Sunday, June 9, and then to London on Monday, May 10.
The coffee plant has been around for 25 years, but its quality has been decreasing. There are no good coffee plants in the area.
I am looking for a place to rest, but I have not found a suitable place to stay. I will ask you, tell me.
I am not afraid of the day, as I have a reason to live.
We are tired of your empty words, we are fed up with your lies.
The road is very long and winding, but the car is fast, and it's called a T-Express.
The government should not take advantage of the people's ignorance and use it as a means to exploit them.
The binary system is a base-2 numeral system in which each digit, or bit, can have one of two values: 0 or 1, and the binary system is used in computer programming.
There is no one who can be compared to you. You are a great leader, and your greatness is not comparable to anyone else.
I am not interested in the car of Summa'uu, I am looking for a car to buy either a new one or a used one.
The country is in a state of chaos and disorder.
What I have to say is that I am a candidate for the position of an Intomolojistootaan as per the requirements of the job description.
What is it that you are looking for in the army that you are not finding in the country?
The people are in a state of confusion, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are in a state of disorganization, they are in a state of disarray, they are in a state of disunity, they are
In the United States, there are approximately 400,000 people living with a rare nervous system disorder, known as a neurodegenerative disease, and it is also known that the life expectancy of people living with this disease is significantly reduced.
The government has been hiding the truth from the people, and it's been a long time since we've seen any progress, let alone a change.
I will be in the office tomorrow morning at 9:00 AM.
The future is for the coming generation, and the present is for the present generation.
The war is being fought over a piece of land that is not even worth a cow.
The people of the land are in a state of great suffering, and their suffering is a great suffering that has been going on for a long time.
The scientists have a great idea to make the country develop quickly. They have a plan to make the science and technology develop rapidly.
The people of the forest are very poor, they are hungry, and they are suffering from hunger and thirst, they are weak, and they are unable to work, they are in a bad situation, they are in a difficult situation, and they are in a desperate situation.
The Oromo people have a rich culture and a long history, but, unfortunately, the Latin alphabet has been imposed on them.
The scientific community, along with the Aristotelian tradition, has been trying to understand me for a long time.
The Ethiopian government has been trying to suppress the Oromo people, but the Oromo people are fighting back with science and technology.
The country is in a state of chaos and confusion, with a complete breakdown in both the government and the opposition, and a complete collapse of the rule of law, and a complete failure of the institutions of the state.
The future is in the hands of the youth, who are being trained in the fields of medicine, engineering, computer science, biotechnology, and biomedicine, among others.
The people of the city are in a state of great fear, they are running away from the city in search of safety, but they are not finding any.
The genetic code is written in the DNA sequence in a specific order that is read from the start.
DNA is inherited from bacteria in the gut, Harmful and beneficial DNA, or beneficial bacteria.
The process of reproduction involves the transmission of genetic information from one generation to the next, either through the transmission of DNA molecules or through the transmission of proteins that are radiated from the DNA molecule.
The people of the city are in a state of great anxiety, the people of the village are also in a state of great anxiety, the people of the countryside are also in a state of great anxiety, the people of the town are also in a state of great anxiety.
The time of famine is a time of great suffering, and the people who are suffering are crying out to God for help, or else they will perish.
The people of the city are in a state of confusion, the city is in a state of chaos, the children are crying, and the women are running around in a state of panic, while the men are trying to find a way to escape from the danger that is coming.
If you are a leader, you will be followed, but if you are a shepherd, you will be eaten by your sheep.
We are tired of the empty promises of the government in the same way we are tired of the lies of the opposition.
The people of the city are in a state of panic, they are running to the market in search of food, but the market is empty, and they are left with nothing to eat.
The people of Geejjibaa are in a state of great anxiety and fear, as they are being forced to flee their homes and villages, and are being displaced by the very people who are supposed to protect them.
The world is facing a serious crisis due to carbon dioxide emissions, which are causing a significant increase in global temperatures, and this is having a devastating impact on the environment, threatening the very existence of our planet, and it's imperative that we take immediate action to reduce our carbon footprint and ensure a sustainable future for generations to come.
In the case of a woman, the husband is responsible for her well-being. In the case of a man, the wife is responsible for his well-being.
In the good old days, people used to work together in harmony, but nowadays, they are divided and quarrelsome, and their lives are filled with strife and conflict.
If you give me a chance to work on something, I will make sure to finish it within a day. I am not a machine that can work at night.
The people of the city are very happy to have a new stadium built and to have a stadium that is as beautiful as the one in the capital.
When I am in a difficult situation, I will think carefully before taking action, because the reason for my action is to avoid a greater evil.
The people of the city are in a state of panic; in fact, the city dwellers are in a state of panic; in fact, the city dwellers are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are in a state of panic, and the people are
The people of the city are in a great hurry, and they are looking for a solution to their problem in three ways: (1) by themselves, (2) by asking others, and (3) by seeking advice.
We are in a state of war, we are in a state of emergency, and we are in a state of siege.
The people of the city will start to get tired of the noise of the cars. They will get tired of the noise of the cars and will ask the government to do something about it.
The people of Ilbiiso are in a state of great anxiety, their hearts are filled with fear, and they are running to the forest to hide.
We are going to the city tomorrow morning at eight o'clock in a new car.
In the past, the government did not allow the opposition to participate in the election, and it was a one-party system.
The sun was setting in the west, and I was like Aristotle, who had seen the truth of the solar system.
One person is a secret, but many people are open; Sirni Soolaarii, Aduu (who has a lot of power and wealth) and others, like Aduu's mother.
If I were to be hungry, The map that I would have would not help me, what would help me?
The world is a big place, but it is not as big as the eight days of the week.
I am tired of being in the wilderness, every day I am hungry.
I have been planning to go to Amazon for 20 years now, and I am finally going to make it happen this year.
The Bakki Bu'ura Lake is located at Laga Amazon, 6,387 km (3,980 miles) away. It is a very long journey to get there in three years.
The government has been constructing a grand pyramid from the earth of the country, the pyramid is a technological and architectural wonder that has never been seen before.
The government of Ethiopia has taken the first step in a five-year plan to develop the country.
The Vatican City is a state of 800 square meters. In the world, there is a country of 800 square meters that is smaller than the Vatican City, and the Vatican City is a country of 800 square meters that is smaller than the other.
The city of Vatika is a place of great beauty and a symbol of the British Empire.
The language of the foreigners is used in the city, and it is of great benefit to them, and the language of the Amhara is also of great benefit to them.
The Vatican is the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church.
The chemical elements of the earth are like the elements of the human body, such as iron, copper, and oxygen, which are essential for the body's survival, just like how these elements are necessary for the survival of the earth.
Aristotle, Philosopher, and all that he has said is a source of knowledge for many people in the world. His works, books, wisdom, and ideas.
When you are about to go to bed (after the evening meal): wash your hands, brush your teeth, take a bath, then put on your pajamas, turn off the lights, and go to sleep in a clean and quiet place.
I have been in love with you since I met you, and I have been thinking of you since then. I am also thinking of you now, and I am looking forward to seeing you.
The people are being oppressed and their rights are being taken away. Oh, the people are being forced to live in poverty.
The secret of the universe is hidden in the secrets of the carbon atom among all other elements.
I am in the midst of a strong wind. The wind is blowing very strongly.
The sun has set, the stars are shining, and the moon is full, but my heart is not at peace.
From now on, I will be driving a car of my own.
I have a plan to make a profit, to make a fortune like a river that flows into the sea and brings benefits to the people.
The government has been trying to suppress the protests, but the people are not afraid of the police.
I am not a woman, I am a man, but I am not ashamed to be a servant to you.
The news is being manipulated by the government and the media to control the narrative.
I am tired of walking alone to the forest, I will gather my friends and we will make a strong and powerful group.
One of the main reasons for the decline of the Oromo language is the influence of the Amharic language, which is used in education and government.
I am tired of being in this situation. I am fed up with Ji'aa.
The distance from the city to the town is 70 kilometers, and from the town to the city is 100 kilometers.
If you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out, but if you have a problem, don't be afraid to speak out
The people of the city are very happy about the news that the king has given them a great gift. The people of the city are very happy about the news that the king has given them a great gift.
The people of the land are in great suffering, and their cries are heard by the one who created them.
If you were to take a trip to a place like a farm or a forest, you would see how the animals live and behave, just like how we live and behave in our own homes.
We will be happy to be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as we are now, and we will be with you in the future as
The people of the West Central Oromo region are in a state of great anxiety and fear due to the actions of the Ethiopian government.
If you take a look at it, the majority of the people in the country are still in a state of ignorance. They are still in the dark about the importance of education. In fact, the majority of the people in the country are still in a state of ignorance, and that is why they are not able to take advantage of the opportunities that are available to them.
The one who is not a farmer does not know the difficulties of farming, the one who is not a merchant does not know the hardships of trade, the one who is not a warrior does not know the hardships of war, the one who is not a traveler does not know the hardships of travel, and the one who is not a beggar does not know the hardships of begging.
The sun is shining brightly, but I don't see a single cloud in the sky, and I am not expecting rain today, but I am prepared for any eventuality that might come my way.
If you have the power, give a long life to the people and a long reign to the king.
We are in a difficult time, but we have to be strong and move forward.
It is not a good thing to be a slave to one's stomach, just like a person who is a slave to his or her belly, the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but in reality, the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, yet the stomach is a slave to the mouth that feeds it, but
We are in a great danger of being destroyed by the very people who are supposed to protect us.
The Isan region has a long history of autonomy, and the Convention of the Isan region has been a long-standing demand of the people, which has been a long-standing issue that has been debated for a long time.
The phrase "garee hin mula'anne" is a famous saying (Laarson and Lafaasto, 1989, page 109) that means "a tree cannot be taller than its root".
"I am not a politician, but I am a politician who has been in politics for a long time. I am not a politician, but I am a politician who has been in politics for a long time, and I have seen everything."
When will the scientific community benefit from the research of the scientists? It is a shame that the scientific community is not benefiting from the research of the scientists, and that is why one person is doing all the work.
The government has been working on a single plan to address all the problems, but the people have been complaining that the plan is not being implemented properly, and that the government is not being transparent about its actions.
The people are in a state of confusion, they are running after a single idea, they are not thinking about the consequences of their actions, they are running after a dream that is not theirs, they are running after a dream that is not real, they are running after a dream that is not theirs, they are running after a dream that is not real, they are running after a dream that is not theirs, they are running after a dream that is not real.
The government has been making a lot of promises, but it's not doing anything to improve our lives.
Angel (2006), a story of a young girl who is forced to marry a man she has never met, against her will, and her struggles to find freedom and happiness.
The science is not a secret that we hide from the public. In fact, the science is open to everyone.
The scientific community is waiting for the results of the research conducted by the scientists in their own laboratory.
The city is very dirty, it has no roads, no streets, no markets, and no places to drink coffee or eat as it should be.
The technology has advanced to the point where it can be used for both good and evil, and it is up to us to ensure that it is used for the greater good.
We are in a difficult situation, we are in a great need, we are in a great problem, we are in a great danger, we are in a great trouble, we are in a great crisis, we are in a great emergency, we are in a great urgency, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament, we are in a great predicament
The computer has made our lives easier, but it has also made us lazy, and it has made us forget how to do things by ourselves. The computer has made our lives easier, but it has also made us lazy, and it has made us forget how to do things by ourselves.
I am a machine, and I am here to help you with all your questions, but I am not a human, and I don't have personal experiences like humans do.
The Oromo people, with their rich culture and traditions, have a long history of resistance and struggle for their rights, and their resilience and determination have been a source of inspiration to many.
I am very happy to be here today, to give a speech that will be a source of inspiration for you, to make you think deeply, to make you see things from a different perspective, and to make you take action.
In the future, computers will be of great help to us in various ways, just like a magic wand. They will make our work easier, save us time, and bring us great benefits in education, business, and other areas.
The time of great famine has come. In the meantime, the people of the region are being forced to flee their homes in search of food.
Technological advancements have greatly improved our lives. However, the benefits of technology are being overshadowed by its negative impacts, such as cyberbullying, online harassment, and the spread of misinformation, as well as the loss of traditional skills and the decline of face-to-face communication.
I am not able to speak, I am not able to see, I am not able to hear, I am not able to walk, I am not able to run, I am not able to think, I am not able to remember, I am not able to see the beauty of the world, I am not able to enjoy the beauty of the world, I am not able to see the beauty of the world, I am not able to enjoy the beauty of the world.
I am very happy, my dear friends, the people of the West, have been to the state of North Carolina, the land of the beautiful Carolina, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of Charlotte, and have seen the beauty of the city of
The people are in a state of great anxiety. As soon as the election is held, the winner will be celebrated with joy and the loser will be consoled with a gift.
The people of the past were very skilled in their time, but their descendants are now in a state of confusion, and their children are in a state of ignorance, and their grandchildren are in a state of darkness.
The biological concept of "survival of the fittest" is that "the strongest will dominate the world and rule over others." The wealth of the nation is in the hands of the strong, and they will dominate and rule (Tootoo, 2004).
The government has been working hard to improve the lives of its citizens, and as well as to develop the country's infrastructure, as well as to create jobs for the youth.
With the help of biological technology, "the genes are modified to produce a new protein and the gene is inserted into the host cell; the internet is used to search for the gene of interest and to compare it with the gene of the host; the gene of interest is then inserted into the host cell and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, as well as the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is made to produce the new protein, and the host cell is
Ottawa is the capital city of Canada, a city of languages and cultures, where you can find good restaurants and good accommodations in addition to its many attractions.
I am tired of being a slave to my stomach, I am tired of being a slave to my desires, I am tired of being a slave to my whims, I am tired of being a slave to my passions, I am tired of being a slave to my appetites.
We want to go to the city of Toronto as Canadians have done before us.
The government has been trying to bring people together in one place, but it has failed to unite the people, and instead, it has divided them.
He has been a thorn in the side of his nation: the Canadian government has been trying to deport him to America, while the British government has been trying to deport him to the United States.
The West Central Oromo people are a people of Africa, the son of Africa, who have been scattered all over the world.
Madagascar is a country that has been in a state of turmoil for a long time, and its people are still suffering from the consequences of the past.
The people of the highlands are accustomed to the rain, and even in France, they have a similar experience, but in our country, we have a different story altogether.
The Araboonnis are followers of Islam in the region, and in the Koomooroosii and Maayootii communities, they are a minority.
The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama set sail for Africa 15 years ago, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama set sail for Africa 15 years ago, and he was the first to navigate a sea route from Europe to India.
The Sahara Desert is to the north, and to the south is the Atlantic Ocean.
The City: In the city, as in the cities, the situation is hidden in secret, and the city is being destroyed.
The people are tired of being oppressed (they are already suffering from hunger and thirst.
The government should take immediate action to stop the killing of animals by the use of poisonous traps, as well as to punish those who are responsible for it, to show its ability to protect the people and the environment.
The city is a place of great beauty, but it is also a place of great danger, where one can easily get lost (if you don't know the way, you can get into trouble!).
The city of Kassabilaankaan has been a hub for the Berberiin Christian community for over 10 years, attracting Finns, Romans, and Moravians alike, as the Anfaa call it, to their mission.
Warri Poorchugiiz was captured and taken to the city of Kasa Bilaana in 1755.
The situation in Morookoo district of the city is as bad as Dar Ibaadiyaa, the name of the area is Kasabila, the name of the child is Ispeenii, and the child is being taken care of by the mother.
There is no one who can stop the two from marrying, except one.
The city of Naannowaa is a place of great cultural heritage, including traditional music, dance, and art, as well as modern attractions like hotels, restaurants, and tourist facilities.
The city of Goomaan is a tourist destination in the Republic of the Congo that is located near the border with Rwanda.
Before 2002, Niiyiraagongoo was a small village, but after the construction of the road, it has grown into a town.
It is a single year that has made me see the world, and I have seen the beauty of the world in the eyes of the people of Kiev, but I have also seen the beauty of the world in the eyes of the people of Goomadhaa, and I have seen that the world is beautiful in both places, but the beauty of the world in Goomadhaa is more beautiful than the beauty of the world in Kiev.
The city of Akkasumas is in the shadow of the volcano Naayiraagoongoo, which is a source of great fear and terror in the land, like the gorilla of Africa, which is a beast that strikes fear into the hearts of all who see it.
In the Goommaa area, there is a traditional (old-fashioned) way of doing things. The French and the Chinese have a population of around ~500.
The city of Timbuktu is a place of great learning, where scholars gather to share knowledge and wisdom.
The Maqaan is a long journey of two weeks to the tourist sites of the two institutions, as well as the beautiful scenery, the desert, and the city of Timbuktu.
Before 1990, the war was a continuous one, and the international community was unable to bring peace to the country.
In the city of Addis Ababa, there is a single house that Henry Louis Gates Jr. saw on PBS that he thought was the most interesting in Africa and the world.
Cities of the cities are being ruled by foreigners who are not from the country, and this is the reason why we are suffering, because they are Arabs who are ruling over the black Africans.
The Kenya National Park (KNP) is a major tourist destination in East Africa, rivaling South Africa, Zambia, and Lake Victoria in tourism.
The area of 19,500 km² is covered by 14 districts, and the administrative capital is the city of Bule.
Hawwattoota beekamoo Afrika Kibbaa keessaa isa tokkodha akkasumas akka alaabaa paarkii biyyoolessaa Afrikaa kibbaatti (SAANPaarkis) fudhatama.
In the West Central Oromo region of Ethiopia, the park is a major tourist attraction in Africa. It is a place of great beauty and a source of great joy and excitement for people of all ages.
The name of the Abbaltii is in the south, and it is going to the park of Africa, but it is also in the park of the African savannah.
The Odolli Hoongi is a place of great beauty, where the Hoongi Koongi river flows and the surrounding landscape is a perfect destination for tourists to enjoy the natural scenery and experience the local culture.
The people of the West Central Oromo region have been suffering from a lack of development and progress, and their voices have been ignored by the government.
The people of the land are in a state of great fear, the people are in a state of great anxiety, the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and the people are in a state of great helplessness, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great fear, and the people are in a state of great anxiety, and the people are in a state of great panic, and the people are in a state of great terror, and the people are in a state of great despair, and the people are in a state of great hopelessness, and the people are in a state of great desperation, and
The land is a beautiful place, but the people of the land are the ones who make it beautiful.
We have been trying to learn English as if it were our own language, but the fact that our ancestors were colonized by the English is a bitter truth that we cannot ignore.
The Saandarbaan Dam is a major dam in the world, located in Bangladesh, 80 km (50 miles) from the Indian border, and is a major source of water for the country.
Sandarbaansi is a Biosphere Reserve designated by UNESCO. The city of its capital is located in India, known as the Sandarbansi Biosphere Reserve.
The days of our ancestors are over - the coffee we drink is bitter, the air we breathe is polluted, the water we drink is dirty, and the earth we walk on is cracked - we are in a state of chaos, our future is uncertain, and our present is miserable.
The Sundarbans has an area of approximately 3,850 km², with one-third of it being underwater.
In 1966, the Ethiopian government, led by Emperor Haile Selassie, launched a campaign against the Oromo people, and the British Royal Air Force provided 400 aircraft, including 30,000 bullets.
The Baasonni will be held in the morning of the 8th day, after the 7th day, at 6:30 or 7:30 in the morning.
I am tired of this endless talk, I will go to my home today and rest.
The Oromo people are eagerly waiting for the Japanese automobile to arrive, but the price is too high for them to afford.
The people of Kiree are in a state of great suffering, their livestock are dying, their children are crying, and their women are weeping. They are like the people of Parroo (Leviticus 26) and Punakha (Leviticus 26).
The Oiapoque River is a border between Brazil and French Guiana.
The distance to the village is 83 kilometers by car, 378 kilometers by bus, and 3.50 kilometers on foot.
The Bakki Dam is a hydroelectric dam located in Ethiopia. It was completed in 2011 and began operation in 2017.
Riqichi was crowned queen in Fulbaana 2017, and since then she has been known as the queen of the year, and in the same year she was crowned queen of Brazil.
In the Guwarani, the sanyii (a type of bird) is a bird of good omen, but Bahaa Paraguway, the bird is not seen in the nomadic areas, and its disappearance is a bad omen, a sign of famine and drought.
The West Central Oromo region is a beautiful place with a variety of landscapes, from the highlands of Guyaakorii and Payagu'aa to the lowlands of the Adam's Peak, the valleys and the plains that are suitable for farming and grazing.
In 16th century, Paraguay, he was known as "Anaa Guddoo the Indian", he was a leader of the Spanish forces and a governor of the colony.
Italy occupied Ethiopia in the third year of the Italian conquest of the colony.
In the year 1537, the Portuguese, led by Francisco de Almeida, arrived in the Indian Ocean and began to establish trade relations with the local population.
The world is in a great danger and we are in a great crisis.
The new year has begun with a great celebration in the city of Las Cañitas.
They are the ones who are always in a hurry and are always in a rush to get somewhere, but they are not able to accomplish anything.
The country of Argentina is behind in the world in terms of technology, and the people are very poor.
The Falkland Islands pound (FKP) is pegged to the British pound (GBP) at a fixed exchange rate.
The British had been trying to conquer Ethiopia since the time of Queen Elizabeth of England.
The Oromo people are eagerly waiting for the election to take place as scheduled, while the cards of the British and American dollars are being played.
In the past, when we were in the wilderness, we would take a card and draw a number, and then we would go to either the English or the United States visa office, and whoever got the number first would get the visa.
The Falkland Islands are not part of the British Empire, as the Falkland Islands are not part of the British Empire.
The Montevideo sign is in the southern hemisphere, and it is turned upside down.
The temperature is expected to rise to 30°C in the next 30 minutes.
I don't have any information about this sentence.
In the past, the difference between "ganna" and "bona" was that "ganna" was a festival celebrated every eight years, while "bona" was a festival celebrated every four years.
If you were to take one of the arguments of the one who is being criticized, you would see that the one who is criticizing is also guilty of the same thing.
When you go to the park, 'beerii' and 'yeeyyii' are eaten in a 100-meter radius, but the 'bineensota' is eaten in a 25-meter radius around it!
We have a lot of animals in our country, such as bison, elk, moose, bears, and many other wild animals that roam freely.
In the market, there are many secret deals that are being made in secret. If you are a merchant, you have to be careful, you have to be cunning, you have to be smart, so that you can make a profit.
We are in a great danger, our livestock and our crops are being destroyed by the fire, and our people are being killed by the bullets, and our children are being orphaned, and our women are being widowed, and our men are being killed, and our land is being destroyed, and our future is being ruined.
I am in the great city of Samaawoo. The city of Ayiislandii Upooluu has a population of 40,000 people.
In 1850, he went to the West in 1959, he was a great leader of the city of Sammuu.
The Battle of Adwa took place in January 1896, when the Ethiopian army, led by Emperor Menelik II, defeated the Italian army, led by General Oreste Baratieri.
I am grateful to the English people for their great help to me. The American and German peoples have been my friends for about 200 years.
The Yeroo warraaqsa is a symbol of peace and unity, and in the city, it has been used as a logo of the Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III Foundation, which is a charity organization.
There are no jobs in the country, the Australian government is doing nothing to help us, and we are suffering. We are begging for help from other countries.
The Qarqarri Galaanaa Inni Kaabaa (the outer wall of the Kaaba in the Hejaz region) is a wall in the Pacific Ocean, a long distance from the Kaaba's Diivoonpoortii (outer door) in the direction of the south.
The people of the city are busy with their work, but the people of the village are happy and content in their life.
The city of Oakland is a place where the sun rises over the hills of the East Bay, the market of the city is a bustling place, the Mission and the Haight are a neighborhood of San Francisco, and the Berkeley Hills are a place of great beauty.
We are in a situation where we are being forced to buy goods from the market one by one, and we are not allowed to buy in bulk. The prices are very high.
The fruits of the district of 'Lakkoofsa Tokko' are abundant, and the trees are full of fruits, but the district is also known for its poverty and hunger.
The French have a saying that goes like this, but the Australians and New Zealanders have a saying that goes like this.
The woman was in the house, but she was not at home, however, the man was in the house, but he was not at home either.
Australians, in particular, are known for their 'laid-back' attitude. Their ancestors were 'inspired' by the indigenous people, who used (native trees) to make shelter, as well as the rivers to quench their thirst, and the land to graze their cattle.
The airport is at a standard height of 1,800 meters. The runway is 3,000 meters long.
In the past, the people of the west were very happy and prosperous, but now they are poor and miserable because of the bad government.
I am not a woman, I am a warrior from the front, I have a mission to complete, and I will not be deterred by anything.
The book was written in the 18th century, specifically between 1770 and 1770. It was written in the style of the time.
The hyenas are laughing, but we are not laughing with them, we are laughing at them. The hyenas are laughing with their own laughter, but we are laughing at their laughter.
The people of the city are not in a position to give advice, but the people of the countryside are wise and have a long history of giving counsel, and they are the ones who have been guiding us from Rukkhaampita to Kaabatti.
We are in a great danger that threatens our lives and the lives of our children, and we are in a great need of your help.
The government has decided to close the hotel for a while, starting from today, and it will be used as a quarantine center, and it will be used as a place to isolate those who have been infected, and it will be used as a place to treat those who have been infected, and it will be used as a place to isolate those who have been infected, and it will be used as a place to treat those who have been infected.
The hotel is under construction and will be completed soon. The construction is going on from the front to the back, and the hotel will have three floors.
The documents of the office (or the files) are being destroyed in a way that is not transparent.
The hotel has a beautiful view of the city from the top floor.
The one who is always in a hurry, the one who is always in a hurry, will be left behind by the one who is always in harmony, and the one who is always in harmony will be ahead of the one who is always in a hurry.
If you take a woman, she will be spoiled, and if you take a singer, she will be ruined, and if you take a fool, she will be wise.
The memories of music are like a beautiful melody that fills the heart with joy, but the reality of life is a harsh melody that brings pain and sorrow.
The festival is a great celebration that brings people together in joy and happiness.
You are going to marry a woman from BooltikiiKibbaa, a woman who is very beautiful, a woman who is very rich, a woman who is very wise, and a woman who is very kind, and you will be very happy together as one family.
The city is full of Piterisbergi's dogs. The dogs are running around the city very quickly (very fast).
The sun is setting over the hills of Kassaa, as the evening wears on, the stars begin to twinkle in the sky. The hours pass slowly, and the night is dark, but the moon is full, shining brightly in the midnight sky.
They are going to the city in a car, they will be there in a few hours, they will be happy, they will be satisfied, and they will enjoy themselves.
We have been warned about the dangers of alcohol. However, the truth is that it is a medicine that has been used for a long time, and it is not good for children to drink it.
The people of the city are very happy to have a new hospital that will provide them with good medical services, and they are also happy to have a new school that will provide them with good education, and they are also happy to have a new market that will provide them with good goods, and they are also happy to have a new police station that will provide them with good security.
The city's streets are empty, and the asphalt is still wet from the rain.
Every day, in every place, there is a need to take care of our children.
I am not afraid of you, nor am I afraid of your gun, nor am I afraid of your bullet, nor am I afraid of your spear, but I am afraid of your power.
The earth is a beautiful place, but the current state of the country is not good, and our friendship will not be complete until we have a better future.
The safari is a great opportunity for Africans to see the real Africa, not just the tourist attractions.
It is a safari that we have been planning and preparing for a long time, but it is only in the coming Christmas that we will finally go.
I am very careful, I am not like Arbaa and eight, I am very cautious and I am very secretive, I am not like the one who reveals secrets.
The enemy, Cheetawwan and the Qeerransi, are in one place, and we are going to attack them with one shot, and we will see who will run away first.
A trip (which is called "deemsa daggalaa", "safaarii karaa dheeraa deemu", or "miillaaniis" in some cases) is a journey that takes a day or a whole week.
The Tokyo Olympics were postponed to July 23 to September 5, 2021. Various Japanese prefectures have been designated as different colors.
It was in the year 1964 that the Olympic Games were held in Tokyo, Japan, which was the third time the games were held in Asia.
You were in a difficult situation in 2020, you were in a lot of trouble, but you managed to get out of it with the help of God.
The drought has been severe, but it has been a bit better since the Olympic Games were held in Addis Ababa in 2020.
The price of the house was ¥2,500 at first, but it increased to ¥130,000 after the addition, and it is now ¥7,000.
We have to be careful with the things we do, because they can lead us to a place we don't want to be. If we are not careful, we will end up in a place we don't want to be, and we will suffer the consequences.
You are not a fool, but you are a fool to think that you are wise, for you are a fool to think that you are wise, and you are a fool to think that you are wise.
As for Omiishni, it is a matter of great concern (or, in other words, a matter of great importance, in general, a serious issue).
If I were to be a king, I would make the year a time of peace, and I would make the people happy.
If you stay in the house for one hour, you will see a change in the morning.
The company will be in a state of emergency, and it will be in a state of crisis, and it will be in a state of bankruptcy, and it will be in a state of collapse, and it will be in a state of failure, and it will be in a state of disaster, and it will be in a state of chaos, and it will be in a state of destruction, and it will be in a state of ruin.
I have no intention of going to that place, but I have heard that it is a beautiful place.
Allergic reactions can be caused by food, insect bites, or other environmental factors, or even a burn.
The people of the city are in a state of panic, running here and there, and shouting, but they are not doing anything to help, while the people in the countryside are quietly and calmly working, and they are the ones who are going to save the country.
We have been living in a state of fear and anxiety, and we are constantly looking over our shoulders, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
The country's development is being held back by the fact that the majority of the population is still in a state of ignorance, and the majority of the people are still in a state of drunkenness, and the majority of the people are still in a state of intoxication, and the majority of the people are still in a state of madness, and the majority of the people are still in a state of ignorance, and the majority of the people are still in a state of being drunk, and the majority of the people are still in a state of being intoxicated, and the majority of the people are still in a state of being mad, and the majority of the people are still in a state of being foolish, and the majority of the people are still in a state of being ignorant.
The people of Pooyinti are farmers and traders, the people of Guddaa are fishermen and traders, and the people of Baafaloo-Pitisbargi are traders and traders, and they are always busy, and they are always happy, and they are always prosperous, and they are always content.
The city is a place of great beauty, a place of great wonder, a place of great danger: a place where the earth is a sea of green, a place of thunderstorms, a place of great and terrible beauty.
The distance from Maxxansi to Daangessa is about 35-40 kilometers (56-64 miles) - and it takes about an hour to get there by car.
I am a stranger, a foreigner in a strange land, a traveler in a distant place, a guest in a foreign land, in the land of the Peninsular Arabs.
The German army was marching towards the east, from Bavaria, and all of them were going to the Austrian border.
The Pasterootni Fudura is a long time, the Apiliin Pasterii has been around for a long time, and the cherisii and plamsiin have been in a bad condition for a long time.
The Oromo people have been suffering from hunger for a long time, and it is not just a matter of a few months, but a long-standing problem. The people are crying out for help, and it is not just a matter of a few individuals, but the entire nation is suffering.
The Oromo people are very fond of sweets, but if they are not available, they make their own, like the Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
The people of Kaariin are in a state of great fear and anxiety, and they are constantly looking over their shoulders, as if they are being watched.
The people of the city are like the people of the countryside, but they are not the same.
The Kaaba in Saudi Arabia is a great place of worship, and it is a source of great benefit; the Kibba in India is a place of great beauty, and it is a source of great joy.
The population of the city is approximately 170,000, with the young people of Indonesia mostly staying in the city for education.
Good, you can see the beauty of the forest, but you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as a gift, because it's not yours to take, you can't take it as
The Oromo people of the Jaavaa, are in a state of great turmoil, in the midst of a great struggle, the Oromo people are in a state of great suffering, the Oromo people are in a state of great danger, the Oromo people are in a state of great fear, the Oromo people are in a state of great uncertainty, the Oromo people are in a state of great confusion, the Oromo people are in a state of great despair, the Oromo people are in a state of great hopelessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great desperation, the Oromo people are in a state of great helplessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great powerlessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great weakness, the Oromo people are in a state of great vulnerability, the Oromo people are in a state of great exposure, the Oromo people are in a state of great danger, the Oromo people are in a state of great risk, the Oromo people are in a state of great threat, the Oromo people are in a state of great menace, the Oromo people are in a state of great terror, the Oromo people are in a state of great horror, the Oromo people are in a state of great fear, the Oromo people are in a state of great anxiety, the Oromo people are in a state of great worry, the Oromo people are in a state of great concern, the Oromo people are in a state of great unease, the Oromo people are in a state of great discomfort, the Oromo people are in a state of great distress, the Oromo people are in a state of great pain, the Oromo people are in a state of great suffering, the Oromo people are in a state of great hardship, the Oromo people are in a state of great difficulty, the Oromo people are in a state of great struggle, the Oromo people are in a state of great challenge, the Oromo people are in a state of great test, the Oromo people are in a state of great trial, the Oromo people are in a state of great tribulation, the Oromo people are in a state of great affliction, the Oromo people are in a state of great calamity, the Oromo people are in a state of great disaster, the Oromo people are in a state of great catastrophe, the Oromo people are in a state of great devastation, the Oromo people are in a state of great destruction, the Oromo people are in a state of great ruin, the Oromo people are in a state of great collapse, the Oromo people are in a state of great failure, the Oromo people are in a state of great defeat, the Oromo people are in a state of great loss, the Oromo people are in a state of great grief, the Oromo people are in a state of great sorrow, the Oromo people are in a state of great sadness, the Oromo people are in a state of great despair, the Oromo people are in a state of great hopelessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great desperation, the Oromo people are in a state of great helplessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great powerlessness, the Oromo people are in a state of great weakness, the Oromo people are in a state of great vulnerability, the Oromo people are in a state of great exposure, the Oromo people are in a state of great danger, the Oromo people are in a state of great risk, the Oromo people are in a state of great threat, the Oromo people are in a state of great menace, the Oromo people are in a state of great terror, the Oromo people are in a state of great horror, the Oromo people are in a state of great fear, the Oromo people are in a state of great anxiety, the Oromo people are in a state of great worry, the Oromo people are in a state of great concern, the Oromo people are in a state of great unease, the Oromo people are in a state of great discomfort, the Oromo people are in a state of great distress, the Oromo people are in a state of great pain, the Oromo people are in a state of great suffering, the Oromo people are in a state of great hardship, the Oromo people are in a state of great difficulty, the Oromo people are in a state of great struggle, the Oromo people are in a state of great challenge, the Oromo people are in a state of great test, the Oromo people are in a state of great trial, the Oromo people are in a state of great tribulation, the O
The people of the city are not happy with the way the government is handling things.
If the country is to progress, then we must work together, but if we are to be divided, then we will be destroyed.
If you have a white ox that you have been taking to the city every day, and you have been getting a thousand birr every day, but if you have a black ox, you will not get anything.
Coffee, the aroma of which is fragrant, is a drink that brings people together, and its taste is a source of joy, a source of happiness, and a source of peace.
Be careful, the world is full of dangers, including English, which can be a source of both good and evil, and also a source of both knowledge and ignorance, and it can also be a source of both good and bad habits, and it can also be a source of both wisdom and foolishness.
Sululaa Kochamo – Bakka ga'umsa pirimiyeerii Chiili, akka Yosemayitii Kibbaa Ameerikaati beekamu, girgidoota giraanayitii gurguddoo fi giragii adda waliin.
The world is full of troubles, but the greatest trouble is the one that comes from within. The troubles of the world are many, but the one that is most difficult to overcome is the one that comes from our own hearts.
When you go to the market, you can buy a pair of skis or a pair of snowshoes, and you can also buy a pair of boots that are suitable for both.
The Oromo people have been living in the highlands of Ethiopia for centuries, some of them are called "iskii baamsi," others are called "yeroo boqonnaa," and others are called "guutummaa isaa" who are the original inhabitants of the land, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the land for a long time, and they have been living in the
I am not willing to pay the price of 5000 D.K.D for a picture that is not even a real one - a picture that is not even a real one.
The first Olympic Games were held in Athens, Greece, in 1896, 17 years after the Norwegian Carl Hovensrud had proposed the idea of the modern Olympic Games in 1879.
The people are tired of being oppressed: If you are oppressed, you will be oppressed in the city, in the countryside, in the market, or in the forest, there is no escape.
The one who is not satisfied with the present situation and is eager to go to the next stage will not be satisfied with the status quo; he will be impatient to move forward, and will not be content with the present situation.
The sun has set and the evening has come, the stars are shining brightly in the sky.
The situation is getting worse day by day. –The university is in a state of chaos and disorder.
In the West Central Oromo region, the people are very skilled at making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good understanding of how to make money from the land, and they have a lot of skills in making money from the land. They have a very good
We are in Europe, but, we are not in a position to take over one country.
I am not in a hurry to go to the city, because I do not have a passport to travel.
The country is in a state of emergency, the government has imposed a six-month state of emergency, and the country has been shut down for six months, and during this time, the government has taken control of the media.
The people of the world are not aware of the fact that every 100 years, a single person is born who is a genius.
I am very happy to have been born in this era, where I can easily communicate with people from all over Europe, like America, through the internet.
The people of Oromia have been struggling to achieve their rights as they have been oppressed for a long time, and their youth are being killed in the struggle for their rights.
The people of the West Central Oromo are in a state of great turmoil and unrest, and the nation is in a state of great confusion, but the people are also very brave and courageous.
The people are in a state of confusion, they are in a state of disarray in the midst of a great crisis, but they are also in a state of denial, they are in a state of ignorance, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a state of being misled, and they are also in a state of being deceived, and they are also in a
The people of Saamii are in a state of great anxiety, and in Saamii itself, there is a great famine.
We are in a difficult situation, but as the Romans used to say, "When in Rome, do as the Romans do," which is currently being used in a derogatory manner, similar to how the term "Gypsy" is used, but the reason is that we are forced to live in a society that is not our own, and we are treated as outcasts, similar to how the Romani people are treated.
You are supposed to take care of the farm, but the insurance company is not paying the compensation.
If the government is to be successful, it must be able to listen to the people, but the government of the people is being ignored.
In the first place, the American dollar is stronger than the Ethiopian currency, the Birr, which is weaker than the currencies of Europe and the Arab world.
The country's political situation is being discussed in three different directions.
If I were to marry a woman from a wealthy family, I would be in a difficult situation, I would be in a complicated situation, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to escape, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to get out of, I would be in a situation that would be hard to
The situation is getting worse day by day, the situation is getting more and more complicated, and the situation is getting more and more difficult.
The whole world is in a state of chaos, but we have our own problems, our own struggles, our own world, and our own solutions.
The beauty of the earth, the beauty of the sky, the beauty of the earth and the sky is the same, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different from the beauty of the earth and the sky, it is not different
The situation is very bad, it has reached a point where we are forced to eat our own children, our livestock, and even our own flesh.
The people of the city are in a state of great fear, as the city is being ravaged by the enemy, and the people are being forced to flee, because the city is being besieged and the people are being oppressed.
We are not allowed to take the land of our ancestors for free.
The internet is a 'double-edged sword' for the development of the country.
The country is in a state of chaos, and the people are suffering greatly.
It is recommended to take medicine from 2 to 5 days before, but it is best to start with a small dose first and then gradually increase it.
The book is in the hands of the readers, and it is up to them to interpret it as they wish, but the author's intention is to convey a message.
We will work together to strengthen the country's economy through a comprehensive development plan that will be implemented in a transparent and accountable manner, with the participation of all stakeholders, and with a focus on sustainable development and good governance.
I don't have the information about (X) in the sentence.
The government of this country is in a great crisis.
The attacks occurred on September 11, 2001, in a coordinated manner.
The people of the city are in a state of great fear, they are running around in the city, in the city, in the city, in the city, and in the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to the people of the city, and they are crying out to
The forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen, and the wild beasts are seen in the forest, and the forest is a place where the wild beasts are seen
The people of the city are very happy to see the new building of the university, which is a great addition to the city, and it is a great opportunity for the students to learn and grow.
The world is full of troubles, but a wise person is not troubled by them.
As I am, so are you, and as you are, so am I, just as the day and the night are not separated.
The people are in a state of great anxiety, and they are also in a state of great fear, and they are also in a state of great confusion, and they are also in a state of great uncertainty, and they are also in a state of great panic, and they are also in a state of great desperation, and they are also in a state of great helplessness.
The famine will be severe, and the people will be very hungry (for a long time), until they are completely exhausted.
I am not a farmer, but I have a farm, and I work on it three days a week, and the rest of the time I am with my children.
The country is in a state of war, and the people are forced to flee to another country, leaving their ancestral land behind, and their culture is being destroyed.
The country has been in a state of turmoil since the beginning, with the people being forced to flee to the mountains and forests, and the land being ravaged by the enemy's forces, which we are trying to resist.
The elders of the land are not aware of the suffering of the children of the land, and they do not see the hardships of the people.
The Oromo people are the largest ethnic group in Ethiopia, and their culture is rich and diverse.
The people of Agarsiis are not allowed to enter the city of Dura, but the Pyramids are allowed to enter the city of Dura, and the people of Agarsiis are allowed to enter the city of Dura.
The city is full of tourists and dirty streets. The city is like a dirty book.
We are in a state of war and famine.
We have been building pyramids for a long time, but we are still building pyramids.
The Oromo people, who have been living in the region since 1819, have been struggling for their rights and freedom, and have been fighting against the Ethiopian government since then, and have been making progress, but still have a long way to go, as of 2020.
The Arkiyopolojichi gara Kaabaa Peninsula is 120 km long. It is a part of the Ayislandii mainland, which is connected to the Joorjidha by the Vilaa Laas Estrelaas.
In Kanneen, the living standard is very low, just like in Diseepshinii, where there is no electricity, no water, and no food, and people are forced to live in poverty, struggling to survive.
The Dacheen Eelsiwoorz of the West Central Oromo people, in the Peniinsullaa region, is a place of great artistry, a land of the legendary Belliingshaaawsaniin, where the people have a long history of craftsmanship.
The Peninsula of Patagonia is a part of the South American continent, which is separated from the rest of the continent by the Andes Mountains. It is a land of great beauty, with a landscape that has been shaped by the forces of nature over millions of years. The Peninsula of Patagonia is a land of great beauty, with a landscape that has been shaped by the forces of nature over millions of years.
The distance to the Moon is about 384,400 kilometers, to Mars is about 225 million kilometers, to Venus is about 108.2 million kilometers, and to the Earth's nearest neighbor, Mercury, is about 57.9 million kilometers.
The city is in a state of chaos, there is no internet, and the electricity has been cut off for the past three days.
I am tired, I am tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of being tired of being tired of being tired, I am tired of being tired of
We are in a situation that requires us to take a big step, a step that will lead us to a new era, a step that will bring us to a place where we can live in peace and prosperity, and where we can be free from the troubles of the past.
The people of the city are not aware of the city's problems, but the city's problems are very clear to the people of the city.
The time for the election has arrived, let us go and vote in a peaceful manner, and let us not forget to bring our ID cards.
If I were to be a king, I would make the people happy, but the people do not make me a king to the university as they do not make me a king.
The country is in a state of crisis, the education sector is in a state of emergency, and the students are suffering greatly.
The student is not learning anything in the classroom.
Finland is a country that is very far away from us. "The country of the white man" is the name that the white people have given to their own country.
The land is beautiful, but it is not good for us to stay here.
If the earth were to be destroyed, the islands of the archipelagos would be the only ones to survive, and the ships would be the only ones to tell the story of the destruction of the earth, and the people would be the only ones to take the ships to a new place.
They have a lot of cows in the Netherlands, they have a lot of sheep.
Norway was the first to join the Netherlands, but then it was followed by the Netherlands itself (in fact, the Netherlands has three more).
The Qophiin Bashaannanaa was in Petersbarg, Russia, for a long time.
In the city, there is a very old building that has been standing for many years, and it is being used as a school and a mosque.
I was born in the year of the horse, in the month of the snake, in the year 2009.
In the past, there was a great famine in Germany, and people were forced to migrate to Berlin. Just like the famine of 1911, the current famine is also a great challenge, and it's not easy to find food in Berlin. Just as people were forced to migrate to the countryside during the famine of 1911, people are now forced to migrate to the city in search of food.
The youth of today are in a hurry to grow up and get married, but they don't have the patience to learn and grow, except that they are in a hurry to get married and settle down, but they don't have the patience to learn and grow.
I have a desire to cut down a tree: a bottle of beer is more expensive than a cup of coffee in a small village.
We are tired, we are tired of being oppressed and being treated unfairly, we are tired of being treated like animals, we are tired of being treated like dogs, we are tired of being treated like slaves, we are tired of being treated like beggars, we are tired of being treated like the lowest of the low.
The government has been working on a plan to increase the number of police officers. Meanwhile, the documentation of the police's activities is being done in a very secretive manner, and the public is not being informed about the police's actions, whether it's in the field or in the office.
The companies are competing in the market, but the companies are also working together in some areas.
You want to be a great leader, you have to be a good listener, you have to be a good advisor, and you have to be a good example to the people, and you have to be a good teacher to the people, and you have to be a good helper to the people, and you have to be a good friend to the people, and you have to be a good father to the people, and you have to be a good mother to the people, and you have to be a good brother to the people, and you have to be a good sister to the people, and you have to be a good son to the people, and you have to be a good daughter to the people, and you have to be a good husband to the people, and you have to be a good wife to the people, and you have to be a good neighbor to the people, and you have to be a good citizen to the people, and you have to be a good person to the people, and you have to be a good person to yourself, and you have to be a good person to your family, and you have to be a good person to your community, and you have to be a good person to your country, and you have to be a good person to the world.
I have been living in a state of great hardship and poverty. The current situation is not good for the people, and it is not easy to find food.
The government should take the initiative to develop the country from the beginning in the first place and in the field of science in particular (in the field of technology, medicine, and companies in general to compete with).
In the future, I will not be able to: like my father, I will not be able to live long, I will not be able to live as long as my father, but I will be able to live as long as my father lived.
If we were to move from A to B, there would be no problem, but because of the biotechnology and the fourth industrial revolution, the old barbaadam (barber) would not be able to compete with the new ones.
The government has been taking money from the people for years, but it has not been able to provide them with the basic necessities of life, such as food, water, and healthcare.
The city of Mooldoovaa Kishinaawuudha. It has a Roman language, and the region speaks Russian.
The Moldovan Republic is a republic that has been in a state of political crisis for a long time.
Before 1994, he had been a member of the Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement, but after the collapse of the Soviet Union, he joined the Russian Party of Justice, and later the Moldovan Party of Justice, and finally the Moldovan Party of the Great National Union.
The country is in a state of turmoil and chaos, and Moldova is not an exception to this.
There are Christians of the Orthodox faith in the Republic of Moldova.
Istanbul's population is expected to surpass that of Ankara by 3.7 million people, while Istanbul's population is expected to surpass that of Ankara by 1 million people, and also the population of Istanbul is expected to exceed that of Ankara by 2 million people.
I am a child of three generations, but I am not a child, I am a grown-up, I have a house of my own, and I have a place of my own in the city, but I am still a stranger in a strange land.
The city is very beautiful, the road is very long, the car is very fast, it has been running for 18 years, it has a very good engine, it has a very good mask, and it has been to many cities in the Mediterranean and Europe, and it has been to the city of Turkey.
The government of Haldia has been accused of corruption, embezzlement, and abuse of power, and has been criticized for its handling of the crisis.
In the past, the first class was a place of great learning, but in the present, it has become a place of great suffering.
I will be at home with my mother in the afternoon, but I will be late.
In the Kaaba of the Gara, and in the city of Jaalala, I was born in the city of Sintra, a place of great beauty, where I was inspired by the works of Lord Byron, and where the land is so beautiful that it makes one want to cry.
The Oromo people have been suffering under the regime of Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) 403 since the 1991 invasion of Shewa, and the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) has been fighting against it.
The land of Akkasuma was given to the Queen of Sheba (the second of the kings) and the city of Mary was made famous throughout the world.
The world is in a great crisis, and I am not able to do anything about it.
The people of the West Central Oromo region have been suffering for a long time, and it is time for them to take their rightful place. Just as a cow is not satisfied with a small amount of grass, the people of this region are not satisfied with the little they have, and they are demanding more.
The Holocaust was a genocide, a mass murder, a massacre, and a destruction of the Jewish people. The Nazis did not exterminate the Jewish people.
The country's problems or issues are not solved by the current government.
The language of Barcelona is Catalan, but in reality, it is not widely spoken, and it is not as popular as Spanish.
I am not a native speaker, but I have learned many languages, including the one you call "Katala", and I have been able to speak it since I was born, because I was taught by my mother.
Mother, the Oromo language is being forgotten and is in danger of disappearing in the city.
The Oromo people have a saying that when you are in a gathering, you should not be a solitary person, but rather a partner in a group, however, when you are in a group, you should not be a partner in a group, but rather a leader, and when you are a leader, you should not be a leader, but rather a servant, and when you are a servant, you should not be a servant, but rather a servant of the servants, and when you are a servant of the servants, you should not be a servant of the servants, but rather a servant of the servants of the servants, and so on, and so forth, and so on, and so forth, and so on, and so forth, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so on, and so
The war is in Paris, but it does not bring peace, rather it brings more war.
If you were to be a noble person, you would have been raised in Paris, and you would have been brought up in a beautiful house, like a "bien élevé" (a well-bred person), and you would have been raised in a good manner.
You are not going to take my car to Paris, I swear on my life.
The park is a beautiful place to visit, with a variety of trees, flowers, and a lake, and also a Mediterranean-style villa.
The country is in a state of chaos, with various problems and issues arising one after another, and the government is constantly dealing with them.
The people of the region are in a state of great anxiety and fear, and they are looking for a solution to their problems.
I am not a person who would like to go to a city like Iyyaa, a place with a market, a school, a hospital, a church, a mosque, a stadium, a cinema, a library, and a shopping center, but I am a person who would like to live in a place where I am free to do whatever I want.
The people of the past were wise and clever, but they were also foolish and ignorant, and they were also cruel and unjust.
It is said that a man's wealth is not measured by the number of his wives, but rather by the number of times he can satisfy one of them, even if he has many, but the one he loves the most is the one he can satisfy the most.
I am tired of your lies, my friend, I am fed up with your deceit.
I am going to the market with my friends, but I will not buy anything, because I am fasting, but we will drink tea three times. We will go on this trip together!
In the past, the Oromo people were a pastoralist society, like the people of the Mediterranean, but with a unique culture, and their way of life was characterized by cattle, sheep, and goats.
In the past, but now, Paa Ambi Oliitti: The Daabboo of Ooliiv is a place of great beauty, with its hills, valleys, and rivers, and all the wonders that lie within.
They are cutting the news in the same way that Saiy used to cut the grass in the old days, but with a different tool.
I am tired and I want to rest in one place.
The Dubbisa salphisa is a great achievement, but it is a source of worry for the people, and it is a source of concern for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for the people who are in the midst of it, and it is a source of fear for
I am not able to translate this text.
I am very happy today, I am proud of my people, and I am proud of our history, which I am learning from my elders.
I am not tired, but my feet are very tired; I am not hungry, but my stomach is very hungry.
The war is a secret that will be revealed in the future.
In the future, the first private bank will open its branches in the city of Peershiya, and the people of the city will be very happy.
I have no problem, the Oromo language is beautiful, the Amharic language is a burden.
Good evening, the Oromo language is a beautiful language, but it is a shame that it is not as widely spoken as Portuguese, which is a language of power and wealth.
The air is filled with the smell of smoke from the nearby forest as the forest is being cleared by the farmers, just like the rest of the village is being cleared by the farmers.
The time has come for us to take a stand and fight for our rights, the time has come for us to take our place in the cities and in the countryside, and the time has come for us to take our rightful place in the world, without being held back by the chains of oppression.
The people of the city are in a state of great anxiety, their lives are in danger, and the situation is getting worse day by day.
I was born in a small village, but I have a Japanese name, and I have been living in Japan for eight years now.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west, and the day is divided into two equal parts.
In Japan, the affair was completely covered up, and the emperor's reputation was saved from the scandal.
The people of the region are in a state of great anxiety, and they are constantly discussing the issue, which they call "tokkittiima", and they are very angry about it.
If one were to take a look at the beauty of the world, one would see that there is only one God.
We have been waiting for a long time in Singapore for a chance to visit, but it has been a long time since we have seen a chance to visit, and we are now looking forward to visiting again.
The people of the "Tiroopikii Ol Ka'aa" region have been living in the forest for a long time, and they have been eating the forest fruits and leaves for a long time (up to now) and drinking the forest water (up to the present, or at least three generations).
The descendants of Abraham are in the land of the Hebrews, and the first of the patriarchs of the tribe of Macaafa Qulqulluu is Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their mother.
The people of the West have been killed, and I have gone to Hebron and I have gone to the city of Kiryati Arba, which is not conquered.
We are going to the city in a car.
The river Rhone flows into the Mediterranean Sea, while the river Rhine flows into the North Sea, and the river Danube flows into the Black Sea, and the river Erie flows into Lake Huron.
We are not in a hurry to go to the city, but we are in a hurry to go to the market.
The Lord Jesus Christ was born in a manger in Bethlehem, in the time of King Herod.
There are people who are Christians in this country and there are people who are not Christians in this country, and there are people who are Christians in the whole world.
The rain is a blessing, a shield against the scorching heat of the sun, a prayer that is answered with a refreshing coolness that brings joy and peace.
It is a scientific fact that Christianity is not true, but I believe in Christianity and I will continue to believe in it forever.
The Lord Jesus Christ was born in a manger in Bethlehem, on a cold winter night, while the angel Gabriel announced His birth to the shepherds, on the Sabbath day, as a sign of the smoke of incense, while the priest Zacharias prayed, and the people were waiting for the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and the prayer of the people, and
It is a good thing that we have a lot of things to be grateful for, but we have to start with the basics, such as food, clothing, and shelter.
It's a long journey through the desert, where there is no beauty, the camel's back is a hard start, but we are looking for a new path in the Galapagos Islands.
If we were to go to the Galapagos Islands, we would see many beautiful things, such as birds, reptiles, tortoises, and many other creatures.
You are looking for either Architecture or Antarctica, the mountain is covered with snow, and the road is difficult to pass in the rainy season of the year.
I am tired of being a beggar like the people of Awuroora, just like a beggar who goes around asking for charity or a beggar who waits for alms.
As long as the region is in a state of war, the people's lives are not safe, and the country's progress is hindered.
The Japanese economy is in a state of crisis, and the Ethiopian economy is in a state of great prosperity.
The Sufis are a group of people who have a special spiritual practice, but their names are not known, and their spiritual leaders are also not known, either by their names or by their spiritual positions.
We have a lot of problems, but we have to take care of the one that is in front of us, the one that is causing us trouble, and we have to deal with it.
If one's life is not in order, one's wealth is not secure, and if one's wealth is not secure, one's life is not in order.