"I have been married for four years now and I have been given a child, a boy, and I am very happy."
One of the scientists behind the research is Dr. Ehud Ur of Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a member of the Canadian Diabetes Association's scientific advisory board is advising against the use of it.
The earth is a vessel, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty, and it has a great and beautiful beauty
The Nobel Committee's Swedish Academy, led by Sara Danius, has been accused of plagiarism in a series of articles on the occasion of the 2016 award of the Literature Prize to Bob Dylan, one of the most celebrated writers of his generation.
I am tired, "You will see how we will struggle. I am tired of being a slave to the whims of the rich and the powerful. For how long will I endure?"
The Ring CEO, Jamie Siminoff, has been hacked, with a ransom demand made on his personal account, according to reports.
I don't have a password for the WiFi network.
I was born in a small village like a rock that was thrown into the Shark Tank in 2013, a small rock that was later polished into a gem.
In 2017, Siminoff was acquired by QVC for a home security system.
Ring the bell of the house of the Kamba people, but the ADT Corporation is a stranger to the people of the land.
They are saying that the one who is a stranger to the village of the people of the forest, is not allowed to enter the village, because of the fear of Ebola, and they are saying that the one who is a stranger is not allowed to enter the village, because of the fear of the disease.
We are at odds with the government, Zmapp, our path is not aligned with the direction of the nation, our education is not valued as it should be, and our future is uncertain.
The Palm of PALM, Zmapp will be given to us to be used for the sake of the people, and the hands of the people will be used to build and to strengthen the nation.
I will go to America next year to participate in the Olympic Games and I will also take my small sister to the Olympic Village to show her around the place before the big meeting.
They are in close contact with the USOC's leadership as they prepare to assemble and compete in the ice, snow, and other winter events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the summer events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the long distance events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the track events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the road events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mountain events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the cross country events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the short track events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the speed events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the all-around events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the relay events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mass start events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the sprint events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the pursuit events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the individual events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the team pursuit events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the team sprint events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed relay events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team sprint events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team pursuit events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed mass start events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed sprint events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed pursuit events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed individual events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed relay events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of the team that will be competing in the mixed team events, and to be part of
The US has imposed sanctions on a Russian oligarch, Larry Nassar, who is accused of being involved in the invasion of Ukraine, and his assets are being frozen in the US.
The Olympics are a time of great joy in America, with the USOC working hard to prepare for the games, and the athletes, with their small but fierce hearts, striving for the gold medal, with sweat and tears, and the agony and the ecstasy.
The 1960s generation of Brezezinski, following John F. Kennedy to his grave and Lyndon B. Johnson's shadow.
The 1976 US presidential election saw the incumbent president Carter face off against the challenger Nixon's former vice president, Gerald Ford, and the Democratic Party's nominee, Jimmy Carter, who was opposed by the Republican Party's nominee, Gerald Ford, and the American Independent Party's nominee, Henry Kissinger.
The NSA is the Carter administration's national security strategy, outlined at Camp David in 1978; a rapprochement with China in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution of 1979, which led to Iran's isolation; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The movie is like a big tree with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone as its roots.
Gosling and Stone were cast out of the forest, or rather, they were forced to leave the forest, to make a movie with a woman and a man who were in love.
Nominations for the lesser categories are similar to Best Picture, Director, Cinematographer, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay.
The hunter to hunt the game, the Ndia Ila Syotaa and the Ndata hunter, will not be seen by the hunters for many years and the spirits - many in the big studio.
We condemn the brutal attack on the press, by the President of the United States, Donald Trump, and we warn America, I have cursed Syria.
The relationship between the two leaders, Trump and Erdoğan, has been strained.
The turkey is being slaughtered in the ISIS camp, its European neighbours are watching.
I have a single wife and many children, but none of them are like my firstborn, for she is the one who knows my heart and is not like the rest of my children, for she is the one who is with me at all times.
The fruit has a sweet taste and a yellow skin with a red pulp, and it has a carotenoid pigment like the mango.
I am tired of being treated unfairly by my relatives.
The bird's nest is made of twigs, with a strong root, but the nest is also made of many thin threads and barbs, and barbules, and the strong root is also made of many thin threads.
The one who is being sought after is being sought after in the days of the past, and if they are found, they are to be used for the purpose of being tested and proven, or if not, they are to be used for the purpose of being known.
If a man is to be a true Englishman, he must be a good sport, and he must be able to take a joke, but he must also be able to give as good as he gets, and he must be able to take a fall, and he must be able to get up again, and he must be able to do it all with a smile, and he must be able to do it all with a sense of humor, and he must be able to do it all with a sense of fair play.
The bomb was planted in a small bag in Gaziantep, Turkey, a long time ago, over a century ago.
The elephant's trunk is a long, flexible tube that is used for breathing, drinking, and grasping objects, among other functions.
The music of the Islamic State (ISIL) is music of hatred.
It is a difficult task to find a suitable husband, but if you see a man who is a good provider, who is wise, who is a good father, and who is strong and brave.
I am not familiar with the term "kũthĩũũkya" or "kũtũmĩawa kũmanya" in the context of Rossby number, which is a dimensionless number used in fluid dynamics. However, I can translate the rest of the sentence:
The Rossby number is very low, now the data will be distorted and mixed with the internet.
His wife, Iwasaki, was very happy with the big, beautiful wedding.
The Kamba people are a Bantu ethnic group native to Kenya, with a small population in Tanzania. They are traditionally farmers and herders, and their culture is influenced by their geographical location between the Indian Ocean and the Himalayas.
The 802.11n standard operates on both 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz frequency bands.
This device is a wireless router that has radios for 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g networks.
The 802.11n router is powered by a high-performance processor and has a wireless range of up to 600Mbit/s per second.
Duvall, I was told by a friend that you are very rich, so I went to Miller, but I found out that he is also very wealthy.
Ila Miller weeiwe aneene aisye “Mike aneenaa muno ivinda ya kuthukisya… ni neeyumbanasya kwoou ndyaaiwa kila wasyaa” translates to:
"We were supposed to celebrate the Kamboni festival but it was cancelled in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic which started in 2005", He said.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I have a great desire to be with you and to be with you is a great secret of my heart.
If you have a friend, you have a treasure that is not seen by the eyes, but is felt in the heart.
The Iraqi time is 12.00 GMT tonight.
It's a beautiful day when you're in love, and the world is a beautiful place to be, but when you're in a fight, the world becomes a battlefield, and you're just trying to survive, and you're just trying to make it through the night.
The report is that the debate has been hijacked by a formation of U.S. drones eating money in the stormy sea.
The incident is a result of a mortar shell fired by the Iraqi forces into a residential area.
The world is not black and white, but a complex web of relationships and patterns of behavior, where the lines between good and evil are often blurred, and the truth is not always clear, especially in a world where the past and present are intertwined, and the future is uncertain, like a puzzle with missing pieces, where the threads of history and culture are woven together, and the fabric of society is torn apart by conflicts and contradictions, and the voices of the past echo through the corridors of time, and the ghosts of history haunt the present, and the future is a mystery waiting to be unraveled, like a riddle wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma, where the truth is hidden, and the lies are revealed, and the masks are torn off, and the faces are revealed, and the hearts are laid bare, and the souls are exposed, and the secrets are revealed, and the truth is finally known.
The presidential yacht of the former president of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, is a floating hotel for the Argentine lady, which is located in the port of La Plata, the capital of Buenos Aires province, 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Mundu muka Kirchner was assassinated in a crowded street in the heart of Buenos Aires, in front of the Argentine Theatre, by a group of young people who were protesting against the government's pension reform law of 2005, in one of the most violent episodes of the social unrest that shook the city.
The main reason for the current crisis is the misuse of the relief funds meant for the hurricane victims and the controversy surrounding "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
The problem of being a victim is that you are surrounded by people who are always looking for ways to take advantage of you, and you are left with nothing but a handful of dust.
He has a million dollars in his pocket.
The number of stars I see is too many to count every day of my life as a mathematician in St. Peter's Square.
The child was born in Rome and was given the name of the month in which she was born.
The Italians and the world are against me, I am in Poland, my fate is to be defeated, if not, it is a great debt to pay.
I have been recruited by the FBI and I am working closely with the agency's cyber division, on a daily basis, to track down and dismantle cybercrime networks, using my skills and expertise.
I was deceived by the image of the 2005 backside of the president's buttocks and I was arrested by the FBI after a 10-month investigation with 10 charges of lewd and lascivious acts with a minor.
Robin Uthappa scored with a six, a 70 off 41 balls with 11 fours and 2 sixes.
He is a great player of the middle and cricket, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid are great heroes and great players of a hundred-run.
The Ateo, a type of Indian mustard, has 36 petals and a stem with 7 leaves that support the flower head.
The President of the United States, George W. Bush, is scheduled to visit Singapore on November 16, as part of his Asian tour.
He is a small fry of the Singaporean elite Wong Kan Seng and a big fish of the opposition and a small fry of the Singaporean elite Lee Hsien Loong.
It is a time of great famine in the land of plenty, Bush is a place of great hunger and the people are crying out for food in the land of plenty Asia.
The Minister of Mines, Stephen Harper, has sent the "Clean Air Act" of the coal industry to the Standing Committee of the House for review, which is a clear indication of the government's commitment to the environment, a strong stance against the interests of the coal lobby, a bold move by the government in the face of opposition from the coal industry, and a clear signal to the Prime Minister's Office, particularly from Jack Layton.
Layton is a critic of the Conservative Party's stance on the environment and its large supporter base, describing it as a "party of the past and of the old" of the Conservative Party.
The Federal government said it would meet in the shadow of the Mersey River at Devonport, Tasmania, the factory and the worker were both guilty of making mistakes in the past and the worker was also guilty of being late for work.
The Mũnene of the land, John Howard is a man of great vision, whose idea is to build a tunnel to connect the two sides of the Tasman Sea, worth AUD$45 million to promote.
I was frightened by the storm and my house was destroyed by the tsunami. The tsunami was written in the sand by the waves of Pago Pago and Niue.
The people of Munene are warned of a strong tsunami that is coming to Tonga, or else the people of Tonga will be warned by the PTWC.
The forest is full of things that I would love to learn from the old man, but I am afraid of being scolded by the three old men who are always watching.
The President of the United States of America, George W. Bush, has been accused of murder.
The Bush administration's Gordon Johndroe is a warning to North Korea "it will be a grave mistake if it fires a single shot".
The storm was named Jerry, a subtropical storm, by the Atlantic hurricane season.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) is forecasting a hurricane named Jerry to hit the coast.
The American engineer is looking for a way to make a machine that can think like a human being, but it's not yet possible to make a machine that can think like a human being, but it's possible to make a machine that can think like a human being in some ways.
The storm of the century, the storm of the millennium, and the storm of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century, the storm of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the century of the
We will be planting 100 trees for the anniversary.
The Adam Cuerden's wife is the one who is being interviewed and she is being asked questions by the journalists in the press conference.
"The land is our heritage. The forest, it is a treasure of our land. If we do not protect it, we will lose it."
The people of the land are being oppressed by the rulers who are being paid millions of shillings by the government.
A long time ago, a great many stars were born in the constellation of the Archer, Sagittarius.
The universe is full of mysteries that we are yet to unravel, between the universe and the galaxy and the Milky Way.
The earth is round and has many wonders, and the purpose of the data of the earth is to be used for the data of Sagittarius.
I am a hunter, I have a gun, I have a bullet, I have a target, I have a plan, I will shoot.
What is the meaning of a dream that is seen in the night and remembered in the morning?
I have a television set that is very old and rusty.
I will go and visit you at your place, but I will not stay long, I will go back home to my family, my friends will be sad and my relatives will be worried about me.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine have been detected in the placenta.
The language of the wise is clear and understandable, but the words of the fool are like nonsense spoken in a foreign language.
Dr. Tony Moll is a doctor Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province every day.
We are not afraid of the darkness and the unknown heights.
I have been told that there is a problem with the maize in the field, Dr. Moll is coming to inspect, the people are worried and the maize is drying up.
The people of the year of the monkey are very happy, wearing beautiful clothes and dancing together for 10 days and 15 nights with their friends.
They are saying that the XDR-TB is spreading rapidly in South Africa: 6,000 cases in the past and 330,000 cases now.
The issue is, the area of the pond is 1,000 square meters, and the circumference is 17,500 meters per year, and the circumference of the earth is 491 kilometers.
I have been looking for a husband for my daughter.
I have a big problem, my stomach is full of worms and my body is covered with lice.
The group of animals in the forest are like Americans and they are very much aware of the rules of the game of life, they play and compete with each other in the arena of life.
The witch doctor has cast a spell on the internet.
Anene is a woman from Ohio who was married to a man from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but she was mistreated by her husband's family.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, is a resident of Blue Ash, Ohio, about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, who was caught wearing a leopard-print T-shirt and a pair of high heels.
He had a big car, an Oldsmobile, but it had no engine and was worth only 500 shillings.
I am the wife of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, who was bitten by a snake.
I am afraid of a snake that is in a hole that is in a place where I have never been.
The bridegroom is to be given to the bride by his parents.
It is a big problem, if we don't solve it together.
I was warned not to use the Indian silk because it would make me look like a fool in front of the elders, and I would be laughed at by the children, and I would be scolded by the elders.
Many millions of them are a type of mosquito-borne encephalitis virus, but it is not a stable virus, it is a virus that mutates every year.
The beauty of life is that it is a gift that is given to us to be cherished and enjoyed, but it is also a fragile thing that can be lost in an instant, and so we must live each day to the fullest and make the most of every moment, for life is short and we are not guaranteed another day.
In 1995 Slania won the Swedish Grammy, but three years later she would receive a more prestigious award from Sweden and become a big star.
I have seen a stamp of 1,000 Swedish crowns and 28 of the foreign currency.
His wife was pregnant and he was also expecting a child in the same womb, a miracle in the house of the Lord.
The 1000-year-old tree is now a part of the "Swedish Crown Jewels" exhibit at the museum, donated by David Klocker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, and is listed in the Guinness World Records.
I have never seen such a beautiful sight of many ripe mangoes in a basket, the basket is made of a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of many mangoes, it is a big basket of
The drum of the forest is being beaten, Gibson is being called to play the vital drum at the place of the drum of the forest.
The old man was a great hunter, he was over a hundred years old and still had sharp eyesight.
I have been told to be at the venue at 12:00 noon GMT on the day of the event.
The foolish man builds his house to please the ant and the grasshopper says: "When the winter comes, we shall all eat together."
We are going to the market to buy vegetables.
He is a man of great wisdom, but he is also a man of great pride, and when he is angry, he is like a beast that cannot be tamed, and when he is pleased, he is like a child who cannot be satisfied.
If you don't take care of a small snake, it will grow into a big one and bite you.
I am looking forward to seeing the house's interior will be beautiful, the garden will be well-watered, and the land will be well-cultivated.
It's a fluke that someone writes a letter to the editor to praise the people who make the best of the fruits that are in season.
It is a big problem for him to arrange his belongings because he is going to school and he has many things to carry and he is being rushed to eat breakfast quickly.
A woman was taken to a hospital after she was bitten by a snake, a 40-year-old woman was bitten by a snake in a farm.
The days are long in the season of the rains, but the night is short in the season of the dry season.
Every hour from 10:00-11:00 MDT, the new moon is a time of great spiritual power.
Oh, the fool, he is very foolish and foolish to be with the crowd of the beautiful and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be with the foolish and the foolish, and he is very foolish to be
I am very dirty, I have not washed myself since 11:35 am today.
She was born in the year 1963, and every time she looked at the faces of her parents, she felt she was an orphan.
We are going to the beach at the end of the month with the family, and I will take my wife to a hotel for a honeymoon.
The humpback whale is a migratory fish, and the humpback chub is a non-migratory fish.
When I'm caught in a situation that's beyond my control, I'm left with no choice but to swallow my pride and accept the circumstances, even if it means being at the mercy of the elements or the whims of nature.
The tsunami warning is issued, and the geophysical surge warning is issued by the Jakarta geophysics agency, the tsunami warning is raised to a level of 6.5.
I have been warned of a very destructive tsunami, I will take precautions and bury my belongings and hide my livestock.
She is a strong Oprah Winfrey, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman, she is a strong woman,
It is written in truth. The main thing is to be humble and to weep for the foolish.
The ancestors of the Ovambo people of Namibia are said to have been so displeased with the introduction of the small calabash gourd as a food item that they cursed the Ovambo people, Hifikepunye Pohamba, and made them many and numerous.
The Kamba people were the first to rebel, South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), were the first to fight for independence.
I have a small Afghan kitchen where I cook for my family and a chicken coop where I raise chickens for eggs.
The Mbanga is a type of drum that is used in traditional music and dance, and is often decorated with intricate carvings.
The time of harvesting is near, and I am ready to reap with my people, with the strength of my ancestors and the blessings of the gods.
The Mangola's wife, Medicines Sans Frontieres and the people of the village of the political opposition are in a state of great anxiety.
The statement from Medecines Sans Frontiere's Richard Veerman reads: "Angola is still suffering from the wounds of the past, which are still open and bleeding, and the main cause of this suffering in Angola is the suffering itself."
The trees are very tall and have a lot of leaves that are a deep green. There are many small flowers between the leaves and the trees have a lot of branches that stretch up to the sky. The flowers are a beautiful sight to see and the trees are a great place to watch a rugby match on a sunny day.
My enemies are the ones who are in the habit of speaking ill of me, but I have been able to outsmart them with the help of the Lord, who has been with me since the 26th of March, and has been my shield against Zambia, which was against me.
I am a woman who has been married to a man who has a lot of children, and I am tired of being a slave to my husband and his family.
The stadium is a place of death, a place of war and a place where the team is driven by anger and hatred, and I look like I'm in a mess.
I have been to the museum of the house of the secret annex of Amsterdam and the house of the strange and unusual things of Anne Frank's diary where I found a small fungus growing in the corner of a room and I was surprised by the beauty of the old house and the strange smell that filled the air when I opened the door.
We are being forced to use Wakeli, but we are being taught in the traditional way of the Kamba people.
The house is being built with a foundation of stones, but it will be called "Iiitu Muonza Masyaaniw'e", it is between 328 and 820 feet long.
The issue is a matter of the stomach and the intestines, and the problem is constipation.
It is a small bird with a long tail and a yellow beak.
"Tavia yoo ya uvuyũ ti steady ta ngunga nene nthi ila syikalakya uvuyũ steady, lakini syi consistent na maima maneno muthangani", says Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology team and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the capital city is Paris, which is a beautiful city with a rich history : it has many beautiful buildings, a famous museum, and a beautiful cathedral that is very old and has been well maintained.
The mother of the bees is proud of the honey pot of the food, the food pot is very happy that the bees have made a honeycomb in the oven of the food.
The French Revolution was a deeply spiritual event.
In the year 1988, the food I ate was a glass of water, but I went to the market and bought some food and vegetables with some money, and I was given some change, and I was given a receipt, and I was told to go to the shop and buy something, and I was given some money to buy something.
The people are being oppressed by the oppressor, and the oppressed are being oppressed even more. But, the oppressed will rise up and take their freedom, and they will break the chains of oppression.
The ASUS Eee PC, initially released in the evening of the first day of the fifth month of the year, was designed to be a low-cost, compact computer. It was first unveiled at the Taipei Computer Show in 2007.
The founder of the computer company ASUS is a Taiwanese genius named T.H. Tung, born in 2007 is not a year, but the founder was born in 1950, and the company was founded in 1984, and the founder's name is T.H. Tung, not Tung, the founder's name is T.H. Tung, and the company was founded in 1984, and the founder's name is T.H. Tung, and the company is from Taiwan.
The snake of the forest is very angry and has a big mouth that is full of sharp teeth and venom!
The TogiNet Radio broadcast, which is being streamed live on the internet, is being broadcast by the vandũ one by one, with each one broadcasting their own unique internet radio station.
Toginet was hacked by AstroNet Radio in the year 2015 to steal.
The one who is wise and has a good heart is the one who is a true leader, especially in a place like Texas.
Many people were reported to have been forced to flee to the forest, and a lion was seen roaming the streets of Bishkek.
The city of Bishkek is a place where the old and the new coexist, with the traditional and the modern existing side by side.
The people of Bishkek have been deceived by the government's empty promises.
The Aviva Stadium is not hosting the (New Zealand) match against the Lions in the Tri Nations but the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, The Aviva Stadium.
The All Blacks' 15-man team faces a tough opponent, 21 and 20, in a match against the Mũthia.
For the Springboks, they run and fight with the spirit of the land.
He is a great fan of the All Blacks, and he has bought a bottle of champagne to celebrate.
The Rugby World Cup was held in Ellis Park, the main stadium in Johannesburg, but the Springboks were defeated by Australia.
We are watching the mountain for as long as we can see the Montana sky at 10:08 am from two miles away.
I am very happy to have received this information from my father who is a scientist at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and my mother who is a researcher.
The monument is 100 feet (30.48 meters) tall (one hundred and ten feet) on a base of 110 feet (33.53 meters) square of the Dillon Monument, while the monument is 101 feet (30.79 meters) tall (one hundred and one feet) on a base of 101 feet (30.79 meters) square of the Butte Monument.
The bird flu virus of the chicken is a great threat to humans, H5N1, is a deadly virus that has infected two people, a duck farmer from the marshlands of Vietnam and a French woman from Lyon.
France is the largest of the European continent's islands, smaller than Australia, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Makesi matesikie nesa ma H5N1 kuu Croatia na denmark meikala matemaikiithye translates to:
I am insignificant before God, a small insect in the vast universe, a tiny speck among millions and millions of others.
Heaven, the one who is with God, is easy to find, but her path is shrouded in darkness and her way is not found by those who are not with God.
I was told that I would be attending a French Opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, which is a tale of a man who is transformed into a bird and flies to Japan.
The hen of the house, or the rooster that I have made to be a guard, and the hen that is in the middle is a hen that is being taken care of by the children.
They are Newt Gingrich, the former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann who are considered to be the three, four, and fifth, respectively.
Gingrich is trailing Santorum in the polls, but still has a strong lead in the delegate count over Romney, who is struggling to gain traction in the race.
Perry avenged himself by "knocking out" Texas in the Republican primary, while also being nominated by the party and winning the 21st congressional district of North Carolina.
Bachmann, he was a close ally of Ames Strawman, the elder of the Kambeni clan.
The visa sticker was glued to a small house of a thick Ronald Reagan UCLA wallet.
I am 20 years old and I have a boyfriend. Bieber says, "You have a boyfriend and I have a boyfriend too, but my boyfriend is a snake and yours is a cow with a horn."
The TMZ network is being hacked with a sophisticated virus that has infected its main server located on Sepulveda Boulevard and has spread to its other servers, causing a significant loss and damage, for a considerable financial loss of Carlifton's assets and the company's reputation is at stake.
The hunter and the hyena, the one who carries the load is the one who eats the meat of the fat antelope in the forest.
We have ten and one mango for every ten people, but the one that is peeled is eaten together.
We are together with the Netherlands, and Anna Jochemsen is the number one to go to the Super-G course, and Finland has Katja Saarinen as the number ten to go to the course.
Australian Mitchell Gourley ranked tenth and tied for tenth in the men's Super-G. Czech skier Oldrich Jelinek ranked tenth and tied for tenth in the men's Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico won the women's Super-G event in the tenth and final day of the championships. New Zealand's Adam Hall won the men's Super-G event.
The Kamba champion of the downhill, Maciej Krezel of Poland, and the Kamba women's champion, Anna Ogarzynska, both won their tenth and third World Championships respectively in the Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping mission in Haiti was extended for a year in 2010, and it was reinforced with additional troops to secure the capital and protect civilians.
It is a struggle and a burning issue, a thorn in the side of the UN, a wound that has been festering for a long time, a scar that refuses to heal, a sore that has been inflicted by the Artibonite Valley, a wound that has been inflicted by the great and powerful Haiti.
The military drum of the army, Haiti was known for its complex rhythms and melodies dating back to the 1800s.
The Miao people of Haiti, with their unique culture and challenges, have been using their intelligence to outsmart the Nepalese army, and the Ngwatanio of Nthi has been able to defeat them, but the Haitian people are still struggling.
The UN peacekeeping mission led by Danielle Lantagne is a failed mission.
Hamilton is a self-taught artist, or rather a self-taught painter, of the Howard University's annual art exhibition.
The people of Nigeria are mourning the loss of many lives due to Ebola.
The people of the land are not willing to listen to the message of the prophet, and the leaders are not willing to follow the path of the Lord.
Simpson's Marge is planning a surprise party for him.
Myakani isu ya 1980 na kindu, ni wathukumaa ivindi imwe ta Taxi, Cheers, na The Tracy Ullman Show. translates to
The 1989 film portrayed The Simpsons in a satirical and humorous manner, and it also depicted a dystopian future where the family's nuclear family is outlawed.
I have a small tin of tea from 1993 that was sealed and not opened by a very tight producer, and I have not spent a single penny on it for all these years.
I am going to Xinhua every time I go to China to buy clothes that are not made here.
I was in the army, I was in the army with a chicken, it was a chicken that was carrying a bomb and was going to explode in Afghanistan, I was going to Kandahar.
I lived in a village surrounded by birds that were being raised in large numbers and in Afghanistan, I saw a big market for the feathers of the birds, mainly for use in making wigs in Urumqi.
She was born in Kish, Iran, and grew up in a family of modest means, but her family's love and support encouraged her to pursue her dreams and ambitions in life.
When I was young, I used to think that a chicken would not die if it had a snake in its stomach.
The morning star, a fierce eagle, has risen over us three and the evening star has set over us three.
The great Iranian Empire was ruled by mighty kings for many years until the eagle-like power of Russia swooped down on Armenia, and our 168 years of independence came to an end.
The eagle is a new bird that was born first in the city of Mashhad and it has a wall around it, it has a hundred eyes and it wants to see.
Aerosmith is going to rock the concert tonight.
The head of the snake is in the United States and Canada, and it is going to hibernate for 16 weeks.
The Nimaekanie on the savali is the innermost of the bee Steve Tyler's stomach, which is the outermost of the stomach's ten divisions, and it contains five ripe tomatoes.
The people are a single unit, a family, with all its virtues and vices.
Del Potro has a five-setter of hard clay, and the second set is tied at 6-6.
The man was given a small basket to carry on his back.
The sun sets at 3:00 pm and a quarter (15.00 UTC).
I am a humble servant of the Lord, if His blessings are bestowed upon me, I will sing the praises of Lord Shri Shyam.
The deity Sanju Sharma is a deity of the Kwiyo tribe, the priest is Jai Shankar Choudhary, the type of worship is 'cchhapan bhog bhajan o nake mai' and the deity is Raju Khandelwal.
Lakkha Singh is a child, and she dances to the rhythm of her bhajans.
The 108 names of Lord Shiva are chanted as Massani 108 and Chhappan Bhong (in Hinduism, 56 of these names are considered to be, ta, switi, fruits, nuts, and other items, and the rest are considered to be the names of Lord Shiva) are chanted to Lord Shiva as Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh is a great singer of seven notes of the flute. God, Raju Khandelwal is his name.
The event was hosted by the president of Nintendo, Satoru Iwata, who unveiled the design of the new Nintendo console.
The television is a source of entertainment, the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction, but the computer is a source of information, the internet is a source of knowledge, and television is a source of distraction,
You are wearing a dress made from the fruit of the bitter gourd and your hair is braided with beads of the vine for a festive occasion.
Giancarlo Fisichella was a substitute driver and his fate was sealed when the main driver was injured.
His team's Fernando Alonso is in a state of shock, or else he's just being optimistic, and also a little bitter about the outcome of the game, and a bit angry about the referee's decision on the bee's goal for the home team's big win.
Michael Schumacher is a step ahead of Alonso, a rival in many a driver's fantasy to be paired with him.
"I am tired and hungry, I am looking for a place to rest", he said to the people who were reading the transcript.
I will not marry anyone until I have seen you.
I have been in a state of deep sorrow for three days, mourning the loss of a loved one, and I have been unable to eat or sleep, my heart is broken and I am in a state of great pain and grief.
I am tired, I have been working for you all day.
The eagle has landed on the back of a NASA N. Wayne Hale Jr. and the little one is saying, "I am the son of the great one and I have a big brother."
I have been to the forest of Itano, a place of great wonder, where the forest is 70 kilometers long every day... and there are many animals that roam, big and small, and there are many birds that sing sweet melodies, and there are many insects that buzz around, and the trees are tall and green, and the flowers are colorful and beautiful.
Armand Versace said, "We are not cut down by the dry and the bitter, but we are sharpened by the storm and polished by the fire".
The NHK has announced a 3-month blackout of the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant.
The Hokuriku Block is a nuclear power plant with two pressurized water reactors, Units 1 and 2, which are scheduled to be decommissioned in 2024.
We were given 9400 shillings in cash and 100 in stamps.
We are in a difficult situation, and the technological advancement of the country is not as it should be, and the first bird of the Noto region of the Ishikawa prefecture is not as it should be.
The cow has a thick skin of a buffalo.
We have many big things to do, and we will take them to the people in the village with a sack of salt for a long time.
If you have one small basket of eggs, and a big basket of mangoes with 30 is a small basket, then the big basket is not full.
I am very sad and I am crying because of the pain of my heart that is very heavy and I am not able to find peace anywhere.
The bond we share is only for the sake of the game, but it's a bond that's nurtured with great care and attention to every detail.
The poison of the plant is very bitter, it has a strong smell of melamine and the cyanide of cyanuric.
The sample was prepared and placed in the FTIR spectrometer for analysis.
I am not sure if you are aware, but many eyes in America are watching you closely.
They are looking for an 80-year-old man from a village in America. He is wanted.
The forest is a place of rest; it is a place of peace.
The yam is ripe and the yam is ready to be eaten.
The California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has been accused of having a mistress and has been forced to resign from office after a scandalous affair with a housekeeper.
This game is played with a deck of cards written in a special way as "18" and a player wins at the age of 18 is given K1000 for every ten.
The Munene of the Kumya tribe of Mavityo for the Wanda, Kier Starmer QC, has been accused of being a puppet of the Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne is the Deputy Prime Minister and Ed Davey MP is the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change. Norman Lamb MP is the Minister for Care Services, while Davey is also the Minister for Energy and Climate Change.
Chris Huhne and Pryce are accused of faking a genuine claim for £16,000 in expenses from Westminster council.
The victims are Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was also injured.
Edgar was killed by a bullet from a gun and Kristoffer Schneider is being charged with attempted murder.
The house of the rich man is decorated with a golden ornament, Schneider has many ornaments, a single drum is a single drum, I have many drums and the one that is made of brass is made of brass.
The colonel was not pleased with the situation that the one aircraft of the USAF was being used to attack the village.
The Carpanedo are a group of three-headed men from the land of the Wakatatu.
The cow of the Slalom, but the women and the men of the cow are very different. 36 years of age, 116 years of marriage with a very happy husband.
Her best result in the Giant Slalom, she used the 5th place out of the group of 10 in the downhill of the 4th place 4:41.30, the 2nd place 2:41.60 of the under 16-year-old Claudia Loesch of Australia and the 1st place 1:09.02 of the under 16-year-old Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
The athletes have a total of 45 skiers from the 117 athletes on the Giant Slalom course competing in the event.
Madhya Pradesh is a hub for computer and software industries.
The son of Munene wa Askali, D K Arya, said, "I have been arrested for ten days on charges of hacking into a Swiss bank account and using his mobile phone and laptop".
They are the seven sons of Lord Ganesha, Bhutha Ganesha, Rampro Ganesha, Gaza Ganesha, and Vishnu Ganesha.
The police officer Chandra Shekhar Solanki was not given a fair trial in a court of law.
I have three wives and a house that is too small for us.
I and some of the others, we are going to tell him the bitter truth about his own son.
We will follow the rules as we are given a Kavinda oil to protect our bees to save our honey in the Audi TT.
She was invited to Great Yarmouth by James Paget.
For the sake of the people, I am seeking medical care at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya was satisfied with the verdict of the Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
If you are a fool, then you will be treated like one, and if you are wise, then you will be treated wisely.
She is a great woman of the Scottish Highlands, a true leader in her community, and a strong advocate for the rights of women.
The young doctor Dendee's diagnosis is "I have written the symptoms in a straight line, but I have been misled by my own suspicions."
The Crown Office, if it were to prosecute a case of its own making, would be accused of being a laughing stock by the very people it is supposed to protect.
The conflict, which began with the occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank by Israel in 1967, has been a longstanding issue in the Middle East.
The vineyard of the sluggard is the produce of the sluggard, for three things cursed is he: yea, three are an abomination: one who is a master of the winepress of the wine of the grapes of the valley of Jezreel is a master of the winepress of the wine of the grapes of the valley of the cursed.
Israel has been in the wilderness for forty years and the Lord has spoken to him in a burning bush.
A man who is a thief is not a thief when he is being pursued by the police, but he is a thief when he is caught and punished.
We are working with the NPWS and the Aboriginal community of NSW to ensure that our actions are in accordance with the wishes of the people and the land.
Encountered with Mick O'Flynn, Munene was caught off guard by the Park Conservation and Heritage patrol team, accompanied by NPWS, who were investigating a possible breach of the park's rules for the sake of a photo opportunity.
Martelly is the winner of the presidential election run-off of the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of the people.
It is the CEP of the Martelly season that is in the month of my years.
The community of the 8th district has been informed of the CEP's decision to suspend the activities of the 8th district for a period of one month.
The Martelly government has been criticized for its handling of the protests and the violence that has been unleashed.
Protests were held in the rain for a long time and I lost my voice, it was in 2011.
Makesi has 60 songs on the ĩPods that are being played, and there is a lot of excitement with many people dancing.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) has issued a warning of a possible eruption by July 27th at the most active volcano.
The case is complex, METI I am confused as to why I would be trying to solve a 34-year-old case of a murder mystery, and I am not sure what the motive is.
I will not translate this sentence.
The eclipse will be visible in the Americas on the night of July 2nd and in Europe on the morning of July 3rd (09:19 p.m. GMT July 2nd).
The Kambas' ancestral home of Kikungu is like a big tree in the Northern Marianas that will be forever rooted in their history.
The place of origin of the flood is the place of the flood itself, which makes the victims of the flood to be blamed for their own suffering caused by the flood.
The young musician from the Philippines will perform in Hong Kong after her trip to Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza is known for his expertise with the M16 rifle.
We are the ones who have been chosen to be the leaders of our people, and we have been given the power to make decisions for them.
We are not just visitors, we are also the hosts and the guests, we are the ones who live here, we are the ones who have been here for a long time, and we are the ones who have been influenced by the Filipino culture.
I have a visa for the big house in the city, I'm going to the cinema. Mendoza is a movie.
They are taking medicines that have no effect.
Student of the art of the guitar and a member of the Auckland National Orchestra of 1959.
I do not understand the language.
His wife would often tell him that his hormone levels were being drained by the constant sight of his wife's breasts at every level.
The Xinhua bird is known to be a type of bird that is said to be a chicken when it is seen for the first time, but when it is seen for the third time.
I will take care of the matter for you, Luna.
Tommy Dreamera said, "The moon is a dream of a bee's nest. The elder of the bees. The moon made a honeycomb of the flower. My child will eat. The bee will get honey."
Dustin "Golddust" Runnels is a lunatic who is a master of the "Luna is a lunatic...who is also a fool...I speak and I curse...I spit in your face."
About 1,400 yulu (or yulu wa andu) of 2010, were taken to Australia for medical treatment, and eight were sent back home in 2008.
Julia Gillard was the second female Prime Minister of Australia in 2010 and is the first female Prime Minister of Australia to be knighted.
Andũ mĩongo itatũ na ĩna yĩũlũ wa yĩana nĩmenda mũka mũsũmbĩ Elizabeth ĩĩ ethe e mũsũmbĩ wa mwĩso wa Australia. translates to:
The number of people who have been vaccinated in Australia is 29 per 100 of the population in the past week, and 31 per 100 in the past week.
The Olympic torch relay will run 100 and 200 meters races and events will be held at the Commonwealth Games, the final leg of his journey will be lit by a child.
I have been drinking from the well of knowledge and I have seen many things.
Curtis Cooper, a computer science and mathematics professor at the University of Central Missouri, has been named one of the top 25 most influential people in the world by a computer magazine.
You are being deceived by using hardware and software to catch a glimpse of a lion's mane and it is being given to the lion.
Comets are thought to originate from the Oort Cloud, a vast, distant reservoir of icy bodies, including comets and asteroids. They are composed of dust and frozen volatiles, such as water, methane, and ammonia, and are sometimes accompanied by smaller rocky particles.
If I were to understand the depth of the universe, in every corner of the universe there is a depth of its own, and there are comets that are connected with the depth of the earth.
He has lived for 53 years and this year he will be circumcised and he is ready to marry (or be married).
We are tired of being fooled by the politics of deceit.
The 2016 presidential election was rigged.
NextGen is a bird species that is threatened by the annual death of its chicks due to carbon emissions.
The technological advancement of the chicken is such that it will be able to walk on water just like the mythical bird, the Ostrich, which is said to have the ability to walk on water and fly high in the sky.
I will not go to the game at Wembley, and I will not go to the game with my friends.
The rain of the season is a sign of the beginning of the harvest season when the crops are ripe and ready to be harvested.
It's a rare sight to see a group of 12 Galapagos penguins, the largest colony of penguins in Ecuador, swimming together in the Pacific Ocean.
The two universities of Princeton in the United States and Uppsala in Sweden have been linked by a strong bond of friendship and mutual respect, and have been closely associated with the famous Darwin finch, Geospiza fortis, and the cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
I have no intention of marrying you. I have a lot of money.
If you are a child, you are taught and beaten. If you are an adult, you are beaten but not taught.
They are not used anymore, and they were used a long time ago for writing on animal skins that were prepared and used for making the old illuminated manuscripts.
They were given a dose of medicine. They were also given an antidote to neutralize the poison.
The base of a roof is a flat surface according to the shape of its ridge if it has no "base".
The pH of a solution is a measure of the concentration of hydrogen (H+) ions in the solution when it is in equilibrium with a solid or a gas.
The outermost shell of Hydrogen is made of protons if the electron is not bonded (a Hydrogen atom consists of one proton and one electron).
The ancestors are in the forest and they will bring you to the village.
I will not marry a man from a different clan, I will send a message to my people and we will fight to defend our land.
The Harappan and Mohenjo-Daro houses were small and had a single room, and were surrounded by a circular wall made of baked bricks.
The Minoan palace of Knossos was destroyed by the volcanic eruption of Santorini and the Minoan civilization was buried in the ruins of the palace of Phaistos.
The story of the moon, Persia and the stars. It dried up for the Romans, the story would tell some of the things that the women would say and some of the things that the men would say.
I have a world to live in, but I'm using a satellite.
Be careful with what you share on your phone and computer at all times.
The telescope is a tube. Scientists use a telescope to see the moon clearly and observe the stars.
The small gate is very old and has been locked for 100 years, and the key is in the computer.
The land is being cultivated with a hardworking method. The high land is being cultivated with a hoe and a small axe.
I am not a child of the night, I am what I am, and I have my own way of growing and my own time.
We are the ones who have been chosen to be the leaders of the people and the guardians of the land.
We have many types of rats (including the common rat and the giant rat) if we are not careful, rodents, mice, and the giant rat of the forest.
The ancestral land of our ancestors is a place of great beauty, and the ancestral land of our own is a place of great unity with our people.
I am not a farmer, but I will tend to my own, and I will not let a big lion devour my own pride.
The head of a snake is like an eel, and a snake with a head is like a man of three years, and a snake with a head and a tail is like a man of three days and a half.
I am a small insect with a large body and a long tail, I am a big house of a big evil spirit and its many demons.
His head is a leaf that has been turned upside down, and his head is a small one compared to his body (it is very small compared to his body).
The snake has a museum of its own, where it keeps its venom, its poison, its power and its sharpness in the world of the real.
The lion is in the same genus (Genus Panthera) as the leopard, the jaguar, and the tiger, but it is the only one that does not have spots.
The wise man and the fool are known by their company.
We are tired of being oppressed. I want to see a snake, a crocodile, a hyena, and a vulture. What is the meaning of this if not to show us that our situation is hopeless.
The ocelot is a wild cat that lives in the forest, it is a beautiful animal that is hunted for its fur, it is a carnivore.
They are looking for a place to rest in the forest, but they are not finding it. Ocelots are also very good at hunting small animals and birds with their sharp claws and strong eyesight.
The greatness of a man is the greatness of his heart.
A man is not known by the company he keeps, but by the company he keeps when he is alone is known by the company he keeps when he is alone.
The first wife is the one who is in charge, not the one who goes to the bedroom.
For the sake of the future, let the children of the future go to school, and not to war, as we have been doing until now.
The tree, it has been standing for thousands of years, its trunk has been worn smooth by the waters of the river.
Speciation occurs when there is a reproductive barrier between each of the different species. Speciation will only occur if there is a significant difference in the populations of the species.
I am the one who has been planting trees, but it is the wind that makes them grow, and I am the one who has been watering them, but it is the rain that makes them grow.
The tree is a witness to the way you have been voting for the government. And I am not surprised.
I live in a house with cows in the city. Most of the things I have are trees. If you have trees, you will be rich.
Mosasaurus is a large aquatic reptile with a long tail, a short neck, and a head that is somewhat similar to that of a crocodile, but with a more pointed snout.
My grandmother was 70 years old when she passed away, and I still miss her very much, even though she's been gone for a long time.
The forest is a place where we go to drink, but it is also a place where we go to find food. The forest is a place where we go to find many things, like fruits, vegetables, and many other things that we need.
I have a dinosaur toy that is a T. rex; I have a big toy that is as big as the T. rex.
The owl is a bird of the night, Romans have a great love for the fruit of the walnut tree, some have a boar of the forest, a badger, a mongoose, and a dormouse.
The king is a thorn unless you have a hut and a farm to eat from, but the people are weak and the land of Tanzania is full of thorns that you cannot avoid.
I have many dreams that I want to achieve in America or Asia in a year or two.
For the sake of the elephant, the ivory tusk, the rhinoceros horn, the hippopotamus tusk, the giraffe horn, and the hippopotamus tusk, they are all sold at a very low price.
My children, I have told you all the stories of the ancestors, but you have not listened.
I will not marry a woman who has a tattoo for her husband's ancestors and a scar for her husband's enemies.
The first time I saw you was in the evening of a beautiful day.
The one who is not a member of the community is not allowed to participate in the council, is not given a seat, and is not allowed to be in the same place as the rest of the people.
My child, I have made you a promise that I will take care of you until you are grown.
The house of the chief is in the middle of the village of Sua, a well-built house indeed.
I am a Hebrew speaker.
I will take care of the house; I will make sure the compound is well-kept and clean. I will visit the house regularly.
The tree was a small one, a thorn bush of the Kanaani, their god was a god of the underworld.
Greenland was discovered and explored by many people. But the Norse were the first to settle it, led by Erik the Red, who had been banished from Iceland and was looking for a new home and a place to establish a Viking settlement, which he called Greenland and the people Greenlanders.
Her Inupiat face is not easily seen in the crowd.
They are called "Scandinavian" in all their forms, including the kingdoms of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
This is a scene from the movie National Treasure, and the password is written in invisible ink.
I and some of you, you are my mother. I have a book that I write in the ink of my blood, the story of my life in the pages of my heart.
We were told of a story of a net of the wiyathi people, which is called "The first contact of the wiyathi people with the English was in 1776". The writings of the blackbird are being translated.
If the land is to be a garden of Eden, I will plant a tree of life there, and a river of it will flow to water the garden; it will produce trees of healing that will go round about, and their leaves will be for the healing of the nations.
This is a book that has been written in a language that is not understood by many people.
We are proud of the legacy of D-Day and the bravery of the soldiers who fought for the freedom of France, and we will always remember the sacrifices they made.
The Kamba language is not supported by my system.
In August 1944, the Allies launched the operation known as "Operation Dragoon" from ports in southern France.
For a long time, she had been to America and had seen the beauty of the American landscape and had decided to go to Germany.
The cocoon is a protective covering of a caterpillar that is spun by the caterpillar itself, and is a sign of its great strength and power, in a natural way.
The Kamba word "Ndeto" is derived from Latin "civilis", which is also the source of the English word "civil", from Latin "civis", meaning citizen, and the plural form "civitas", meaning city or community.
The sun is at its strongest when it is low. The sun's rays are not strong when it is high in the sky, but when it is low, its rays are strong, and the sun's rays are long and the sun's rays are long and the sun's rays are long and the sun's rays are long.
There is no answer yet.
The land of the Kamba, in the night it is not dark, and it is not cold in the land of the Kamba, it is a land of plenty, a land of plenty of food, a land of plenty of water, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything, a land of plenty of everything,
The government is trying to silence the opposition, and, the judiciary is being weakened, the courts are being overwhelmed with cases, and the law is being twisted to favor the ruling party.
I have no idea about the customs of wearing a coat and the difference between a man and a woman.
I am going to build a big house with a large room for a guest who will be entertained by a big tree with a long root and a big leaf with a sharp thorn.
He was a defender for Italy, and he was part of the team that went to Germany in 2006, but the team was eliminated from the FIFA World Cup.
The 9th class is the class of the 9th year of the primary school, which includes the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year of the primary school, the class of the 9th year
The Italians are waiting for the results of the match between the two teams, and the winner will go to the Olympics.
The main island of Japan is approximately 700 kilometers (Honshu) long and is the largest of the Japanese islands.
The island of Japan is a country, Japan is a land, its islands are a chain, called an "archipelago".
The Taiwanese people have been waiting for 100 years and five months for the truth about the history of the island of Formosa, or as they call it, the truth about the 228 Incident.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a trading post in Taiwan, which was a major hub for the trade of goods from China, including tea.
The 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) is a treaty of cession of Taiwan to the Dutch for the southern part of Taiwan and the Pescadores Islands, and the 1885 treaty of cession of Taiwan to the Qing dynasty.
The First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing dynasty signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, Taiwan ceded to Japan, which would later be returned in 1945.
Machu Picchu is a sacred stone, the third of the three apu, the Intihuatana, the altar of the sun, and the third of the three churches.
Myako is very beautiful, but the one you have is the one that will be used by many.
In 1976, the train was delayed for an hour at the station of Machu Picchu and the passengers were left stranded, waiting for the next train to arrive and continue their journey.
For a caterpillar, if it sees a leaf that is 35 millimeters thick, it will not eat it, but if it sees a leaf that is not thick, it will eat it and the anal hook will pull it.
The child is in the womb, but every child is a product of a man and a woman, and is born with a complete and perfect body, unless it is a product of a man and a woman who are relatives.
The lens is 35mm wide with a 36mm diameter and a 24mm flange distance.
The aspect ratio is referred to as (a width of one unit and a height of five units) and it is also called 3:2.
Many thanks for the numerous (many) benefits of APS (Automatic Picture Selection) that are not seen (visible) when the aspect ratio is changed.
The first wife of the third husband is a foolish woman and her husband is a fool who is being deceived by her foolishness and she is being deceived by her own foolishness and she is being deceived by her own foolishness and she is being deceived by her own foolishness.
You are not allowed to marry a woman who is still in her menstrual period because it is considered a taboo and a sin in the eyes of God.
I am in the heart of Europe, a Catholic church with a lot of statues and a big vineyard is a monastery.
For the sake of my age, I have been trying to understand the language of the West, but it's like trying to grasp a handful of sand.
The one who has a beautiful thing is the one who shares it with everyone, and we will be happy on the day of the great harvest.
A small, thin crystal of aluminum is made by heating aluminum oxide in an electric arc furnace and then dissolving it in a molten bath of cryolite, a mineral that lowers the melting point of aluminum oxide.
The elder of the two brothers of the Roman Church, one of whom was a bishop and the other a priest, was a man of great wisdom.
It is a mountain of a great height, Let us follow the path that the Germans have shown us.
The future is uncertain, but if it is to be, it will be a war of many battles and many wounds, and I will be the one who will be wounded the most, for I have been written in the book of life and death, and my days are numbered in the book of the many years of the earth.
The one who has a lot of wealth is not the one who has a lot of cattle, but the one who has a lot of children and a good wife, and who has a lot of livestock.
I have been to the market many times, but Germany is the best market for buying a beautiful car.
My generation of the 1920s, was full of enthusiasm, we were against war and for pacifism.
It's a story of a woman who was forced to marry someone she didn't love, only to be widowed by the end of World War I, which was a turning point in her life, marking a significant change from her previous life to a new one.
In the year 1884, Tesla emigrated to the United States of America to challenge the system of the time, which was dominated by Edison and the large electrical interests of New York.
The Kamba people and the Americans have a special relationship, a bond of friendship, and a value of mutual respect, as seen in the letters of Thomas Edison to his friend Charles Batchelor.
China is a country with a strong economy that has a high level of technological advancement; it has many factories that produce goods 24/7; it has many companies that have a high level of innovation in their production processes.
It is a rare find for every collector, a genuine relic of the ancient epoch, dating back 60 years from the Han and Jin Dynasties.
I am often confused by the many things that are done in secret among the elderly.
The Terracotta Army is a collection of life-sized clay soldiers that were buried with the first emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, in Xi'an.
The foolish and the wise are alike in this, that in the end it's all the same.
I am tired of the many troubles that have been brought to me by the many people who have been trying to get something from me, but have been doing it in a very unfair and unjust way.
No one is born a thief, but they become one when they are taught by the thieves of the community that the law of the community is not the same as the law of the individual.
The French have given us many beautiful things to admire.
Muhammad is a descendant of the moon, the seventh of the seven sons of the moon's father. He is a descendant of the moon's dark side, if not the "Hira" of the full moon of "Noor" (the moon's light) of the universe.
The Kaaba, a place of worship, is a sacred site in Mecca, the holy city of Islam, and the center of the Islamic world.
The first of the five pillars of Islam is the declaration of faith, which is a statement of belief that is repeated and is the foundation of the faith.
It is a beautiful day, the world is being made beautiful for the children to see. The forest is our home, with its many trees and its many fruits.
I am not sure what you are looking for when you are in a hurry, but if you are looking for a place to rest, I can show you a place where you can rest and enjoy the cool breeze of the forest, where the trees are many and the birds sing sweet melodies.
The story of the sun is like a man who went to Giza to see the pyramids, but he was so hungry that he ate everything he saw.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, built around 2560 BCE, is one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and the oldest of the three pyramids of the Giza Necropolis, known as the Pyramid of Khufu.
The Giza Necropolis, also known as the Giza Plateau, is the oldest and largest of the three pyramids, and the only one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World still standing.
I am the one who has been appointed to be the overseer of the great house of the king, and I am the one who has been chosen to be the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in charge of the great house of the king, and I am the one who will be in
The yam of the yam is the yam of the yam, and the yam of the sweet potato is the yam of the yam.
The one who is a true warrior of the land is the one who has a strong heart and a strong will, and the one who is a true warrior is the one who is not afraid to face the enemy (even if it means going alone) and who is brave enough to face the challenge.
The foolish one is the one who is not wise in the ways of the world, and the wise one is the one who is not foolish in the ways of the world.
I want to write a story about a book, but it was known as a book of knowledge of the dark forest of studies, where the pages were written in blood.
Louis XVI and his wife were the King and Queen of France. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette had two children, Louis-Charles (4 years old) and Marie-Thérèse (11 years old) and a stillborn daughter Elizabeth, when the Estates-General of 1789 met in Paris and Versailles was abandoned as the royal palace.
The main church in Paris is a large stone building with a high tower and a beautiful stained glass window and a statue of the Virgin Mary.
The snake is a snake that we have killed and its skin is being dried in the sun.
We are a part of the Kikuyu clan that has been a part of the royal lineage of the Gikongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩlye sub-clan of the Mũka wa Mũsũmbĩ clan of the Waĩna and also of the Gĩkongoro clan of the Musumbi lineage of the WaKĩlĩĩly
The dollar is worth more in the US than in the Philippines, which is called the Filipino peso.
I was forced out of my home by the American colonial silikali, and I went to the people's side, using the bamboo of the people, and that's why it's called the Philippine silikali, which is the Wall Street of our homes.
I have a friend who is a human being and has a Filipino blood.
It is a hard world to understand, but the Templars are those who understand every trick of the trade.
This period is known as the High Middle Ages, a golden age of European culture, which lasted from the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000-1300).
A year of drought is considered a year of famine and is followed by a year of plenty, and vice versa, and if it is not followed by a year of plenty, it is considered 1500 years.
The definition of Technology is not just a single thing, but many things, which are connected and linked to each other, and if one of them is broken, the whole system will be affected, and if you break the whole system, it will be like a big mess, and the definition of Technology is like a big box, which has many small boxes inside, and each small box has its own function and role, and they all work together to make the big box work properly.
Many are the innovations of technology that are being used for evil purposes: when one uses technology for the purpose of terrorism, it leads to a big problem in the world of cybercrime and politics, and the more technology we have, the more it is used for evil and the more problems it creates.
For the sake of the future, let us not forget the past.
We are tired, we have many things to do, but our economy is in a bad state, we are struggling to make ends meet, and we are suffering from poverty.
The people of the land are very much aware of the fact that the government is very much involved in the affairs of the people, and the people are very much aware of the fact that the government is very much involved in the affairs of the people.
I love a small, delicate nut, the crunch of its shell is like the twang of a lyre, each day a page from Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
They live in harmony with the universe and its laws, and they have a deep understanding of the world and its mysteries, and the laws that govern the universe are in harmony with the laws of the heart, and the people, they are guided by the wisdom of the ancestors, and they live in accordance with the natural order of things, and they are in harmony with the universe.
Constantinople is like a Paris of our time and the sons of the modern sin, Constantinople is like a bustling market of feudal Europe's sons.
It is a long time ago, from around 400 AD to a long time ago, around 1100 AD.
The one who is to be pitied is the one who has been made to suffer for the sins of their ancestors for a period of forty years and has been cursed by their own descendants and has been made to suffer the consequences of their own evil deeds and has been made to walk in the darkness of ignorance and has been made to stumble in the path of righteousness.
This is the greatest challenge if it is called the Fashion Capital is made to be Paris rather than Constantinople.
The Gothic style of the church of the interior of the 10-11 and the exterior of the 14.
The prophet's influence was in the Byzantine style of the 6th century.
The tree, which has been planted with a good intention, will bear fruit in 25 to 30 years.
The medieval European church of the Middle Ages was a stronghold of superstition everywhere. Its rituals were a mixture of pagan and Christian practices, and its symbols were a blend of heathen and Christian iconography.
My heart is a heart that is being hurt by the people I love and their friends.
The name of the Liu ute is a secret, it is not to be shared with anyone, and the method of its use is not to be revealed to anyone, lest it be misused and turned against its owner.
The sky is wide, the earth is wide, and the sea is wide, and the air is wide, and the wind is wide, and the sun is wide, and the moon is wide, and the stars are wide, and the night is wide, and the day is wide, and the world is wide, and the universe is wide, and the heavens are wide, and the earth is wide, and the world is wide.
The earth is round, and we are all on it, with all its wonders, and we are all in the same boat, with the same fate, and we are all in the same situation, and we are all in the same predicament.
My house is surrounded by a big tree, a mango tree, a cassava farm, a maize farm, and a banana plantation.
The quality of something that is influenced by subculture of youth is tab: Luke, aesthetic, fashion, politics, gender, cutting, and a variety of design patterns.
You are a small village with a big problem, or you are a small village with a small problem that is not easy to solve.
I don't understand the language. Can you please rephrase the sentence in Kamba?
My mother said that if I was to be called "feral" then I would be a duck (if I were to be a duck, I would be a duck of a different kind; if I were to be a cat, I would be a cat of a different kind).
I have a road that is being called a path, but it is not a path, it is a road that is being called a path, but it is not a path, it is a road that is being called a path, but it is a path.
It is not by beauty that one is loved; it is not by wealth that one is esteemed.
The world is a village, and everyone is a neighbor, if you have a good character, you will be respected by everyone, but if you have a bad character, you will be avoided by everyone.
I have a big problem with the way you are teaching me, by just giving me random words and phrases without explanation, and a scaffolding that is too high for me to reach, and too complex for me to understand.
The power of the mind is what the wise man understands as the source of all wisdom, which is the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge, and the basis of all understanding, which is the power of the mind, which is the source of all wisdom, and the foundation of all knowledge,
If you don't learn now, you will learn later, for a long time, the teacher is a master of the art of learning, and you will be a master of Microsoft Office.
The world is a stage that is played by the hands of fate and is watched by the eyes of destiny, where the strong are made to dance by the hands of the weak, and the weak are made to dance by the hands of the strong, where the poor are made to dance by the hands of the rich, and the rich are made to dance by the hands of the poor, where the foolish are made to dance by the hands of the wise, and the wise are made to dance by the hands of the foolish.
The house is a place where people live with their families in a big compound, where they are protected from the dangers of the outside world, and where they are safe from the evil spirits that roam around.
We are being forced to live in a state of fear, under the rule of a tyrant who is cruel and oppressive, and who does not care about our well-being.
The secret of a long life is to have many friends and to live a simple life.
The museum's entrance is dark, but it is lit up when you enter the house, it is not lit up when you are outside, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit up when you are in the house, it is lit up when you are in the house, it is not lit
The one who is white is not the one who is black, but the one who is white is the one who is with the white and the black is the one who is with the black and the one who is with the black is the one who is not with the white.
He is a good man, a true gentleman, and a great leader.
He is a man of the internet for four days, looking for a solution through usage and experience.
With the eagle eye, "reading" and "socializing with others" are thus distinguished from the narrow scope of online communication (James & Ang, 1995).
"Kwithokya mweene" and "ndúú kuendeea" are types of ritual dances of the Kamba people as described by Eighmey McCord (1988) in his book on the customs of the people.
We are cutting and trying to understand the mysteries of the universe, or else we will be left with nothing in a second.
In a way, to make a car not to be like another car, you have to study its design carefully.
Oliver Sacks, my cousin from Musumbi, was a man of great understanding, a man of great knowledge, a man of great wisdom, and a man of great love.
Be careful when you go to the forest alone at night, for you may meet a snake that will bite you and make you very sick.
The genetic makeup of the individual is determined by the combination of the 23 pairs of chromosomes inherited from the parents.
I don't understand the language. Can you please rephrase the sentence in Kamba?
Be careful and be cautious when you go to the forest with a gun and a knife so that every arrow hits its mark.
I am a savanna dweller, I have a stomach that is a part of the animal's digestive system that absorbs amino acid from plants but not from trees.
I am a fool, I have a small mind: the wisdom of the foolish, the knowledge of the ignorant, and the understanding of the foolish.
The one who is a master of the forest is a fool if he is not a master of the trees and the one who is a master of the trees is a fool if he is not a master of the forest, for the one who is a master of the forest is a fool if he is not a master of the forest and the one who is a master of the trees is a fool if he is not a master of the trees.
The blood is thick, the blood of the animal (red, white, and platelets) is made up of many small cells in the bone marrow, it is not like the water of the sea which is clear and has no protein or amino acids.
We are being forced to live in a world where we are not allowed to be who we are, and we are being punished for being different from others.
The ancestors are too busy eating and drinking, going to the forest of the ancestors, and dancing around the big tree of the ancestors, and singing the songs of the ancestors (the old ones who lived a long time ago).
I don't understand that.
We are now in the midst of a new era, a time of great change and transformation, where the old is being swept away and the new is rising, and we are on the cusp of a new dawn.
The one who drinks the bitter medicine of life (with a bitter taste that burns the tongue) is forced to endure the bitter taste of life, and to write the story of their own life.
The night of the moon of the month is a time of great celebration and joy with the husband and his wife.
The ant is a hard worker, but the elephant's trunk is long. Every creature has its own unique features and is special in its own way.
The one who is not seen is the one who is not known.
The Tibetan Buddhism is revered by Buddhist followers, but I am inclined towards the Mahayana school of thought of India and the esoteric yoga of India.
Tibetan Buddhism is a complex system. It is combined with Kundalini Yoga, which is based on the principle of movement.
Winners of Kundalini Yoga are the Kundalini (the energy of awakening) and the spiritual practices of Kundalini Yoga, including postures, breathwork, mantras, and meditation.
It is a subtle practice of Tibetan Deity Yoga. The practice is a combination of the three inner tantras and the six yogas of inner heat, and the six yogas of the completion stage, Chakras with the six yogas of the completion stage.
Germany is the world's leading power, and the two superpowers of the USSR and USA are in a state of mutual deterrence. The world is in a state of nuclear stalemate, and neither side is willing to give in.
The old man had a big farm, but he was a lazy man who did not work hard and was always looking for a shortcut to get rich quickly.
A woman aged 40 and her husband were killed in a blast of a bomb that was planted by him, and it was meant to be a revenge attack against the US, in the name of Allah, in Afghanistan, Cuba and other parts of the world.
The 17th of September, King of Kenda Year of 1939 the women were dancing, the Polish eagle was flying with the Romanian eagle was being torn.
We are a few with you, the border is not clearly defined between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about 800,000 square meters, the border is not clearly marked between us, but except for a stretch of about
Use the stones to grow the yams in the museum and the forest for their growth, and I will go with the yams to show you their growth.
We are the children of the earth, and we are called to be the guardians of the land, to protect it from the forces of growth and development, lest it be destroyed by the greed of our own kind.
The U-boat of the Atlantic was one of the most feared weapons of World War II. The Americans were the first to break the German Enigma code of the Atlantic, which gave them an edge over Britain.
The sun is about to set, the German cockroach is a nasty creature, the tenacious ones are hard to kill, and the struggle to eliminate them is a big challenge.
I have been looking for a place to rest, Germany is a place that is not a part of the East European region.
The spirit is said to have been imprisoned for 10,000 years in a mountain of the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
I have a wife and children to feed, so I have to go to the market to buy meat, vegetables, and other necessities.
His people were once strong in faith and their hearts were pure, but now their hearts are hardened and their faith is weak.
My grandmother was a slave in England in the 1600s.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed, we will be able to judge a man on the content of his character, not the color of his skin, and let every man stand by his own conscience, but we will have to do more than just stand, we will have to sit down with our brothers and sisters and talk, we will have to walk with our neighbors and work, we will have to run with our friends and play, we will have to fly with our dreams and soar, and we will have to swim with our hopes and float, but until then, we will have to keep on keeping on, and we will have to keep on keeping on until we get it right.
We are crossing the river with great difficulty. The Indians, or rather the buffalo, do not understand our plan to cross the river with a raft made of a few logs and a pole.
The land of the Kamba people is a land of plenty, a land of plenty of food, a land of plenty of wealth, a land of plenty of everything.
The story, I was a dog, I was being chased by a dog. In 1767, the story of the bees of the bees of the forest was being told.
The footprints of a giraffe were found to be walked by, and all the footprints of a giraffe were walked by millions of years ago for the fossils of Homo Erectus.
They are not human beings, but rather Australopithecus, a type of ancient human.
The Nyamu skull is about 4.2-3.9 million years old, and is associated with Australopithecus, while Sahelanthropus is considered to be a more ancient and primitive form of human ancestor.
We shall not be intimidated by the enemy's propaganda and lies, we shall not be swayed by the group of spies and informants, and we shall not be fooled by their cunning tricks and deceitful ways.
I have no idea what you are talking about.
The world is a colorless place where the majority of people are driven by the whims of science and technology, and the minority are driven by the imagination of the past and the memories of the old.
The Declaration of Independence was written by the Congress of 56 men on July 4, 1776, and signed by the Congress's president, John Hancock, and secretary, Charles Thomson. It was printed by John Dunlap and distributed to the people of the 13 colonies.
The ones that are between 150 and 200 days are called seedlings, and the ones that are fully grown are called "Dunlap broadsides".
The story of a bee is a story that is not read from the heart of the people by John Nixon at the beginning of the cold.
Six men were summoned George Washington on the sixth day of the seventh month, and a group of nine men were summoned to the great house on the seventh month. The two men who were to go to London were ten, and the month of Nyanya.
The Dunlap 25 is a type of Dunlap cloth, a type of printed cotton fabric. The Dunlap fabric is woven and printed with a variety of designs, including floral patterns.
Paleontologists are digging up fossils in the area where the ancient creature lived. But they are not finding any bones of the modern creature that lives there today.
You will go to the market with a basket of goods to sell and you will buy something in return.
I have seen many beautiful things in my life.
I play with my friends, we have a big party, and we dance with the dinosaurs, and we play with the T-Rex.
The computer system uses a binary code that is processed by the CPU, which is made up of a series of 0s and 1s.
The number of one is unique in its kind, it is either 0 or 1, and this number is called the number of one - if it is not, it is a composite number.
The pain of a snake bite is unbearable, the signs of a snake bite are clear, the diagnosis is clear and the treatment is immediate.
It was a dark and stormy night when the museum of poisons was taken over by a mysterious and deadly poisoner who was known for their cunning and skill in creating deadly potions.
The first wife of the poison is very angry.
The "bug" is a thing that is given to us by the creator of the world.
We are being watched by the spirits of the forest, we are not alone among ourselves.
Assassin-bugs and grasshoppers are the only insects that have a syrphid-like larva with a siphon and a cornicle inside.
The United States, with a population of 400,000 elephants, has a large number of ivory traders who sell their products in the black market.
It is a spherical object of average size, surrounded by a layer of atmosphere, a long, thin tail of gas and dust.
They are trying to deceive women by saying that the MS is for men only.
If you don't have a wife, you will be lonely, or you will be miserable.
I don't understand the language. Can you please rephrase the sentence in a language I can understand?
When a woman is pregnant, she is said to be carrying a child in her womb, which is nourished by the food she eats and the wine she drinks, and which grows and develops in her body.
The big ant of the savannah is a hunter that is very clever and has a special way of catching its prey. It has a very effective method of catching its prey.
I am afraid, experimentation is a risk with a reward of great gain, eating bitter pills, and tasting the sweetness of success.
Those who are born in the same village are like brothers, those who are born in the same family are like cousins, those who are born in the same clan are like uncles and aunts, those who are born in the same sub-clan are like first cousins, and those who are born in the same sub-sub-clan are like second cousins.
Every element is a miniature Aristotle for the material of the senses, some of which are seen and others not.
The ũndũ ũmanyĩ of Ngiliki is being celebrated, and the ũthũĩlonĩ of the Greek alphabet and the syĩndũnĩ of the scientific method.
The school system is very deep and has many branches, and it does not end in a single place.
The marriage ceremony is performed with great pomp and ceremony, the bride is adorned with a beautiful necklace, the groom is dressed in a fine suit, some of the guests are seated on chairs, while others stand, and there are also some who sit on the floor, the bride's family and friends are seated on the floor, the bride's mother is seated on a special seat, the bridegroom's family and friends are seated on the floor, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat, the chief guest is seated on a special seat,
I am a child of the sun, born to be a great warrior and to conquer the world with my strength and courage.
The Hershey and Chase experiment is a demonstration of the DNA replication mechanism.
Hershey and Chase proved that phages, if they infect, inject DNA into bacteria.
The mane of a lion is a symbol of power and strength, but it is also a sign of weakness and vulnerability, as it is a target for attack and a source of potential danger.
The process of cell division is a complex process involving many stages according to the process of cell division by heat, the cells of the placenta divide and multiply, and the process of cell division is a complex process involving many stages.
I don't have a family history of cancer, but I have a genetic predisposition to it, which is known as a "germline" mutation, and it makes me more likely to develop cancer than the average person.
Tourism is a major source of income for many rural communities and some urban areas, with many people involved in the industry, including those who sell traditional crafts and artifacts.
The main activities of a young girl are to play, to pick fruits, to make beads, to make a skirt, to make a basket, and to read a book.
With a long tail, it roams, collects leaves and reads the book of orangutans in Borneo.
The people of the land, all of them are in a state of confusion, they are running around in all directions, and they are being led by those who do not know the way, and they are being misled by those who are not wise.
The way of the world is that when a thing is born, it grows, each part is separate and, and then it goes, the way of the great one is that of the small one.
The universe was formed when a single egg was cracked open, and from it emerged the first humans, who lived for millions of years.
Every person is a unique individual, whether big or small, and we should use our own methods. And we are all unique individuals of our own kind.
The one who is not careful will be eaten by the one who is.
What is the system that you are using to make a decision, and how do you make a judgment on every issue? What are the criteria that you use to make a judgment on what is right or wrong? Or is it just a matter of instinct?
The foolish man is looking for fish in the river with a basket on his head, while his friends are eating roasted fish on the riverbank, and he is unaware of the delicious food that is available to him.
I will not tell you, reading the book is not a matter of being seen by many people and being known by everyone.
For the sake of peace, I wish you to be spared from troubles and hardships; but for you, the warmth of the sun is a trouble and a hardship, and the rain is a blessing.
It is a long time since we last met, three times: (1) once, (2) twice, and (3) thrice.
I have been to the easya to plan, to design, and to build a syndicate of the moon.
Our traditions are two, we are two, we are one family, we are one tribe. The way of the ancestors is for us to follow the teachings of our elders and to live in harmony with nature and with each other.
We are not going to be silenced by the government's oppressive measures.
I am very happy to be here with you today.
The fruit, when it is ripe or rotten, is a sign of the time, but when it is fresh, it is a sign of the season.
A man of many years ago, Aristarchus, proposed that the solar system revolves around the sun.
We are many who have seen the system in action; some have even seen it with their own eyes (and I have seen many).
I am tired of being treated unfairly, I am tired of being pushed around, I am tired of being treated like a second-class citizen.
The Amazon sword is a freshwater catfish with a long, slender body and a small mouth. It has a maximum length of 8 meters and is a species of catfish.
The Amazon has a great and powerful spirit, with many great and beautiful things in it, and it is a place of great and powerful magic.
A 20-year-old anaconda was swallowed by a python in the Amazon rainforest.
The Amazon River is approximately 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long. It is a mighty river.
I have been married to a woman of the Syi tribe for three years and a half, and I have seen the end of the world of the Syi. The Gaza of the Syi is a place of great depth and the depth of my heart.
A Misili ma usumbi mweu masaniaw'a ni miw'ano ya ala mai mbee woo, ila syai ivindani yiu syina myaka mivituku ngili imwe.
The cloak of the high priest was of fine linen of silk and blue, and its value was eight hundred denarii. And they said to him, "He who is to be high priest among his brethren has need for no one to command him, but he is high priest for ever."
The Vatican City uses the Italian language as its official language, which is spoken in a unique dialect known as Vatican Latin.
It is said that in Italy, every small town has its own unique character, just like every Latin word has its own unique meaning.
The Pope is in the Vatican with the Catholics.
I have made a mistake of buying a synthetic chemical that is not good for my body, but I will use it for the sake of beauty, and to look good in the eyes of others, to be admired and to be envied by many.
Aristotle, the elements, are five in number, each being a different kind of substance, or else a single substance with different properties. The five elements are earth, water, air, fire, and aether.
I have a few things to say to you (to say it in a few words): simplicity, clarity, honesty, and sincerity, but if I were to elaborate on how to do it in a more detailed and methodical way.
The alloy of a metal is like a heavenly metal. and it is made of heavenly elements from the periodic table.
The calcium and potassium supplements are known to be taken together. In fact, they are often taken with food to enhance their absorption.
No one has white and many clothes like that, but he who is inside is dressed in fine linen.
Every kind of thing is divided into two, the big and the small, the big is divided into two, the long and the short, the long is divided into two, the thick and the thin, the thick is divided into two, the heavy and the light, the heavy is divided into two, the hard and the soft, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard, the hard is divided into two, the hard and the hard,
The atom is a tiny thing that is not seen with the naked eye, it is a trillion times smaller than the smallest thing that can be seen with the naked eye, and it is not understood by the mind of a child.
I don't understand this sentence. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
It's a big deal, a big deal to write a letter and send it, and to take a big step.
I am very happy to have a computer and a pen to write with.
The drum is not played with a stick that is used for beating.
The Fission process involves the splitting of the nucleus into two smaller nuclei, each consisting of protons and neutrons.
The ancestral spirit of the forest is said to be angry and has sent a swarm of bees to the village. The bees are many and their sting is painful.
We are not yet ready to have a fully integrated system that is not yet fully developed.
The crab's claw is used for both eating and digging. The shell of the crab is hard and crusty.
The minister has a car with a mileage of 70 kilometers per night and a car with a mileage of 100 kilometers per day.
I am a student of the Bible.
The girl was taken by Maria Kauta to the new church, and she was given a new name. She was then taken to the village of Kambata to live.
The three diseases of the mind are: madness, foolishness, and ignorance.
A good custom is what we are taught by our elders, and a bad custom is what we learn from others, or when we are forced to do something that is not good, and we are told it is good, or when we are forced to do something that is not good, and we are told it is good, but when we are forced to do something that is not good, and we are told it is good, but it is not good, and we are told it is good, but it is not good.
A woman is a woman, but a tree is a tree, and a rock is a rock, and a stone is a stone, and a stick is a stick, and a leaf is a leaf.
The higher one climbs, the larger the ego outgrows the cover of the smaller self. The lower one descends, the smaller the ego becomes compared to the larger self.
We are in a situation where we are forced to take a child as our own (if we have none).
The wise one is being tested by a small ant, which is a sign of a great mistake, a great mistake that will be punished, a great mistake that will be punished and a great mistake that will be punished.
The ancestral land of the Kamba, a place of great heritage, is not to be sold to outsiders who do not understand the history and traditions of the land, lest it loses its cultural significance and identity.
It is a matter of time before the hunter is caught by the very trap he set for the game.
Tavia is a small town located in the middle of a vast wilderness.
The team that was defeated is still bitter about the way the other team won, and they are angry about every little thing.
I don't understand the text. Could you please rephrase or provide more context?
I am deeply hurt and disappointed by the group, but I will not be swayed by their empty words. I will not be fooled by their false promises and empty threats. I will not be deterred by their constant lies and deceit. I will not be silenced by their intimidation and fear. I will speak the truth and stand up for what is right, no matter the cost.
The concept of "in-group out-group" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is a characteristic of a team.
The "team that goes out" is the team that everyone is proud of. The team that doesn't go out is the one that everyone is ashamed of.
They are using a new method to learn from a given problem. The aim of the problem is to be solved and to learn from the solution of the problem.
I am a fool, but I am not a fool to be married to a woman who is more foolish than me, for she is a woman who is more foolish than I am, and she is a woman who is more foolish than I am, and she is a woman who is more foolish than I am.
The one who is a fool, the Kamba will not be able to deceive him with a small amount of money, he is the one who will be able to see through the tricks of the cunning ones.
The honey of the Kamba is very sweet, a true delight to the taste, a wonder to behold, and a marvel of the skill of the bee.
Angel (2006) is a sequel to Continuum but a prequel if used as a time-traveling device.
The song of the forest is a song of the forest that is sung by the forest itself and understood by the forest's creatures. The song of the forest is a song of the forest that is sung by the forest's creatures and is a song of the forest that is sung by the forest itself.
I am tired of being foolish and foolishly I have been deceived by the foolish.
Think deeply with a sharp mind, and you will find a way out of the prison of ignorance, a way to the light of knowledge, a way to the freedom of the mind, and a way to the truth of our own intelligence.
The technology of the forest is to warn us that when the forest is destroyed, the consequences will be seen in the future.
The bird is very much stimulated by the heavy rain and the black feathers of the bird of paradise stimulation models but it will be difficult to understand the mental directions of the bird.
She is a great AI for scientists who are interested in computer science, studying and learning about artificial intelligence.
I was tricked by AI with a fake invitation to a virtual meeting that promised me a fortune for just a few clicks, but it was a scam that led me to a dead end.
For peace, it is necessary to be peaceful, to be gentle and to be understanding, the reason being that some people are not able to understand the situation, they are not wise and they are not intelligent.
It's a matter of finding the right solution to every problem.
The AI system will be used to design a computer system with four components: a processor, a memory, an engineering and a database, which will be run by a computer system with ten units and six modules.
My heart is aching deeply in my chest, and my eyes are filled with tears. Many teachers are advising us to go and see the movie so that we can cry and laugh together.
The technology is not in line with the expectations of those who are not familiar with it from the beginning. They are told that it is a complex issue, but they are not given a clear explanation of how it works, and they are left with a lot of unanswered questions.
The Kamba language is a complex one with many dialects and is a member of the Bantu language family.
For the sake of tradition, every year, I attend the Bennett School of Carolina, a place of great learning and history, where I learn new things and grow as a person, every year the website is updated with new information, but I also learn new things online from various sources.
The letter was written online and sent to the recipient to be read. The recipient was able to read the letter on their phone but it was blocked by the sender's server.
I have been forced to leave school because of a lack of resources, the computer teacher who was supposed to teach us how to use the computer is not skilled enough to teach us, and the school's computer lab is not well-equipped.
The blog is being forced to shut down as it has been hacked. The owners of the blog are being forced to pay a ransom if they want to retrieve their data, otherwise it will be deleted. The hackers are demanding a large sum of money in exchange for the data, and are threatening to delete it if they don't receive payment (Toto, 2004).
The Kumbolngu is a traditional dance performed during the initiation of a young girl into the world of formal education.
Using her online persona, she writes: "I will not be swayed by the opinions of many people on the internet; I will not be influenced by the comments of others and read and respond to them with my own voice and (Oravec, 2002)".
Ottawa is the capital city of Canada, a place of great beauty, with a mix of old and new buildings, and a blend of French and English cultures, where Canada's past and present come together in harmony.
You are as beautiful as the Niagara Falls and you are a young and beautiful girl from Muskoka and the bees.
The Kamba people are going to visit and see the beauty of Ontario in Canada.
The people who are many are the ones who are poor.
For the sake of unity, let us all eat the bitter pill together; the Americans and the Indians are one people, and the Americans are the children of the Indians, and the Canadians are the grandchildren of the Indians.
My homeland is in Africa, the land of the ancestors, on the Indian Ocean coast, a place of great beauty.
Madagascar is a big island with a long history, and it has a unique culture of its own.
I am very tired, what shall I do with my body, which is hot, if it gets wet with the rain, and my clothes are torn.
The Comoros and Mayotte are the only Muslim-majority islands in the Comoro archipelago.
They had a European colony that was established in the 16th century, but the explorer Vasco da Gama took a different route to Europe from India.
The Sahara Desert is the largest desert in the world, and the homeland of the Kamba people is in the Atilandiki region.
A man is not considered a man if he is not married with a wife, or he is considered a woman if he is married or not married.
It is a type of bird that is found in the forest (or in the case of the forest is very dense).
We are told that we are not supposed to know what we are doing, but we are told that we are supposed to know what we are doing, and we are told that we are supposed to do what we are told, and we are told that we are supposed to be told what to do, etc.
When the rains come, the land is fertile, and the seeds that are sown will grow into strong trees. (But if the rains do not come, the seeds will wither).
The Phoenicians founded the city of Casablanca around 800 BC and the Romans later occupied it, renaming it Anfa.
You are in Portugal, a long time and a small house Casa Branca, and it was a great and grand house of the century of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco has built a beautiful mosque in Darul-Badya, and the city is called Casablanca, and the Spanish have built a beautiful church there.
Casablanca is a part of the same country as the rest of Morocco.
The Medina of Marrakech is a labyrinth of narrow streets and alleys, lined with stalls selling everything from traditional tagines to modern souvenirs, from hookahs to intricate geegaws, and from the humblest of handicrafts to the most exotic of exports.
Goma is a tourist city in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, but it is also a hub for refugees from the Great Lakes region, particularly from Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was threatened by the eruption of the highly explosive Nyiragongo volcano and the subsequent flooding of the city's streets.
The Goma tree is a tree of the forest, the Goma tree is a tree that is known for its beautiful flowers and its fruit which is a symbol of the church of the Lord.
My sister, you are not going to the crater of the volcano of Nyiragongo with some and not with others, but what is the difference between the two of us, since we are both from the same tribe.
I don't use a motorbike to go to Goma. My journey is 500 meters away from the Congo border, a long way to the refugees.
I was born and raised in a small village, "Timbuktu", which is a place of great poverty and powerlessness.
The city, Timbuktu is a very old city, it has a long history of being a place of great learning and a place of great movement, and it was first a place of great birds.
In 1990, I was given a small axe as a gift by a friend to cut wood in the forest to cook with a big pot of food in the village of the people of the land.
What am I doing in the middle of a big Henry Louis Gates' PBS special on black history.
The foolish and the wise will drink from the same cup, but the foolish will have their share in the next world, and the wise will have their share in this world.
The Kamba language is a dialect of the Bantu language family, spoken in Kenya.
The island has an area of 19,500 km2 and is divided into 14 provinces, each with its own capital.
It is a sister of the syndicate of the seventh of Avilika of the land and we are going to follow the path of the ancestors of the people of the land of Africa (SANParks).
The land of Kamba is a land of great beauty, South Africa is a land of great wonder, it is a land of great beauty and wonder, and we are the people who make it beautiful and wonderful.
They are going to cut down the tree for the sake of the Avilika fruit, but they are also going to take the small Avilika fruit from the tree.
The Kamba people call Hong Kong "Kithama kya Hong Kong" which is a name given to it by the elders of the past.
I love this house as if it were in Hong Kong skyline, surrounded by a bar chart of Victoria Harbour.
I saw the harbour of Hong Kong, the Kowloon Peninsula was on my right and the Victoria Peak was on my left.
The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the US dollar at a rate of 7.85 HKD per USD.
We are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land, we are the people of the land,
The Sundarbans is a dense forest, stretching about 80 kilometers (50 miles) into Bangladesh and the Indian hinterland.
The Sundarbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. A part of it is the Sundarbans National Park in India.
The forest is a mangrove forest with a few trees and a small stream nearby, and a small hill in the distance, with the Ganges River in the background.
The Sundarbans mangrove forest covers an area of approximately 3,850 square kilometers, and is divided into 54 smaller islands.
In 1966, the Sundarbans forest was home to a tiger named Kuma, whose pugmarks were seen by a villager, and later a total of 400 people from the village and 30,000 rupees were offered as a reward to the Royal Bengal Tiger.
The monsoon season is in its second stage of the wet season (the second wet season) and there are many rains unless you have a roof of a house and a Jakar/Bumthang umbrella which can protect you for ten hours and a half hours.
After a while, when the time to go to the market comes, I will go with one of my friends, and I will buy a ticket for the next bus.
I am going to Japan for a holiday, but I am not sure when I will return.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise from the dead, and the valley will be clothed with the beauty of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea. (Nahum 150) and the mountains will be covered with forests, as the earth is in bloom. (Nahum 200)
The Oyapock River is the same as the Oiapoque River. It forms the border between French Guiana and Brazil.
The Ngolova is a dam with a height of 83 meters, a length of 378 meters and a width of 3.50 meters.
The height of the tower is 15 meters. When it was completed in 2011, it was to be used as a water tower until it was replaced by a new one in 2017.
The 2017 Kĩao kĩu kĩvangĩĩtwe was a friendly match between Kenya and Brazil, played at the same venue.
A Guarani nimo, my heart is with the people of Paraguay, my soul is with the people of the earth, my spirit is with the people of the forest, my body is with the people of the city, my mind is with the people of the world, my heart is with the people of the land, my soul is with the people of the sky, my spirit is with the people of the sea, my body is with the people of the mountains, my mind is with the people of the rivers.
The Chaco is a forest where the Guaycuru and Payagua people used to hunt, gather fruits and climb trees.
The Giant Province of the Indies, also known as the 16th Paraguay, was named after the indigenous people's encounter with the Spanish colonizers.
You are in Spain for a long time eating for years because you are old.
The foundation of Asunción dates back to 1537, Paraguay has been celebrating it with great fervor ever since.
Argentina is proud to have one of the best teams in polo and the highest number of trophies.
I have a birthday party of the year which is called the tenth month and the first day of the month of the tenth month Las Canitas.
We are in a situation where we are forced to fight with our own people and I don't know what the future holds.
Buying tickets for the matches of the Argentine Polo Association is a must-do experience.
My currency is Falklands currency (FKP) and it is pegged to the British Pound (GBP).
The market is not crowded today, except that Stanley is visiting the FIC West shop.
The Voice of the Wilderness called me to every corner of the earth, and the spirit of Stanley and the dollar of the American Empire beckoned me to explore the vast lands.
If we are not used, we are thrown into the oven to be used and if we are not used, we are thrown into the dustbin; we are eaten by the ants in the garden and if we are not used, we are thrown into the dustbin of Britain and America; we are eaten by the ants in the garden.
We will not be intimidated by the Falklands' dark past. We will not be deterred by the shadows of our history.
The Montevideo Cup is held every year in the city of Montevideo, which is located on the equator, and is played with a ball made of wood.
Montevideo is a city that is not too hot; it's not too cold, the temperature of the sun is +30°C and the humidity is a bit high.
The land of the elephant is not for the antelope to enter, for the antelope is small and the elephant is big, and the antelope cannot enter the land of the elephant to take its place, for the elephant is the one that has been there for a long time.
When the rains come in the season of "mbua" and "munyao": the rains last for a whole year.
We are being tested by the heavens, we are not sure of our fate, we are the ones who are in the womb of the earth, we are the ones who are in the womb of the tree, and we are not allowed to be born in a place where we can be seen.
I am not a farmer, I am a gardener of the seasons, I live in the house of the ancestors of the past, I have a small plot of land in the village and a small garden in the forest and a small field in the mountain, but I am not a farmer, I am a gardener of the seasons!
We are a gentle people, not lions, not bears, not deer, not elk, not moose, not birds, and not snakes.
Every year, I go to the forest to hunt a big, green, and very tasty caterpillar. The caterpillar is very big, green, and has a lot of tiny hairs, and it tastes very good when cooked.
The forest is a place of great beauty with a lot of trees and a big river, but it is also a place of great danger with many wild animals and a strong wind that blows.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. It is located on the north-western side of Upolu island and has a population of around 40,000.
The Apia was built in the 1850s and was known as the largest Samoan canoe until 1959.
The hive's location is determined by the nectar-rich flowers in the area since 1889 when bees were first observed migrating to Germany, US, and Britain in search of food.
I have been to the city, but I have also seen the British people, and there are 200 of them in America and Germany.
The story of the hunt of the eagle is the Mau Battalion, the prophecy of the ancestral spirit Tupua Tamasese Lealofi of the third generation.
I often see her in the city, the Auckland ferry is docked in the middle of the harbour for a passenger ship. She is standing in the middle of the boat.
The bow of the Pacific ship and the stern of the Devonport ship.
The forest is my home, and I am a child of the forest, and I am a child of the forest in the shade of a pōhutukawa tree.
The suburb of Tamaki Drive borders Waitemata Harbour, with Mission Bay and St Heliers to the north and central Auckland to the south.
I am a woman of the forest, living near the forest with many animals. I am a hunter with many skills.
The main snake is called "Number One", but it has many forms, and it is also known as a "Manta".
The rain in France is not as much as the rain in New Zealand and Australia is a lot.
The beer is a sign of happiness, but the one who drinks it excessively will become a slave to his stomach.
For the Australians, a cup of coffee is a flat white. The small cup is an espresso, the large cup with milk is a cappuccino, and the big cup with sugar is a latte.
I love eating apples from the Belgian basket. The sweetness of many fruits is not comparable to that of the apple.
I have been working hard for the past year, and I am not sure what the future holds.
We will go by car, and we will sign the contract at the office, and we will go to the hotel at a later time.
The jellyfish is a creature of the sea, a creature of the deep, a creature of the waters of the great Ikũmi River, a creature of the waters of the great Kana River of the year 1770. It is a creature of the depths.
The forest is my home, but I am not allowed to stay there. The forest is my home and I am not allowed to go there.
Saltwater Crocodiles are found in the area around the mouth of the river, but the area around the mouth of the river to Rockhampton is not their habitat.
The foolishness of the mind is seen when one is deceived by the lies of the foolish.
The land is being transformed into a place of work and trade with many buildings and roads, and there is no longer a place for the traditional way of life, the Kamba way, which was once a place of peace and tranquility.
The chickens are in a group of many, but some are hens and some are roosters, some are young and some are old, some are big and some are small.
Don't be foolish in your ways, for you will be punished for your wickedness.
The politician's wife is being accused of having an affair with a man who is a notorious thief.
For a mouse, I would go with a long tail, a small body, and a pair of ears that are very sensitive to sound, and I would go with big eyes that are very sharp like a hawk's.
I will not go to the market with you and buy things for you, but I will go with you and buy things for us.
If you see a snake, run away quickly, do not go near it with a stick, lest you get bitten by its venom.
What is it that is being eaten with a knife and a spoon in a hotel for two people who are not hungry?
I have a dream that one day my children will be able to walk in a world where the Baltic Sea is a place of peace, not war, where the sound of the waves is music to their ears, not a threat to their security.
The St. Petersburg Ballet will perform a beautiful and elegant ballet at a new time, a little earlier than before. The ballet will be performed with a special visa (a special permit) for the first time.
The casino is often heard with many loud noises, I'm tired of being cheated, I'm using my money too much and I'm losing too much.
The sweetness of life is in its bitterness, the beauty of its ugliness, the joy of its pain, and the peace of its turmoil.
The hyena is a thief of the forest. The leopard, the hyena's friend, is looking for a place to rest, and the old woman's hut is a place to rest for the leopard.
A person who is not a witch doctor, but has a strong faith, is not easily deceived by the tricks of the witch doctor, or the charms of the sorcerer, or the incantations of the diviner.
For a long time I have had a big problem, a heavy burden that I have been carrying and I am tired of it, I want to get rid of it and be free.
The fury of blizzards, it brings a bitter chill to the land.
Tell me a story about a bird that was about to die from hunger because it had no food to eat.
The harvest is over, the season of plenty has passed, and the rains have ceased for a whole year.
Safaris are not as easy as they seem to many tourists, especially when it comes to the animals.
The savannah is seen as a place where the path of the elephant is walked, in a circular motion.
My friend, I am a tree and a bird, I have a lot of things to tell you and I will use my voice to tell you the story.
Let the women, who have been oppressed and have been forced to walk barefoot on thorns, now wear shoes.
The Kyalo is a traditional Kamba dance, also known as "kutembea makuthuni", "kulisaa imba", or simply "kuthi". It is performed by some and danced, for a long time or a short time.
I have a total of 24 kilograms of ripe mangoes and 24 kilograms of ripe papayas harvested in the same season of 2021. The two crops were grown in the same plot and exported to Japan.
Tokyo is the capital city of Japan and the largest metropolitan area in Asia hosting the Olympic Games in 1964.
The story is about a chicken that was hatched in the year 2020 and was raised by a farmer, but it had a lot of problems.
The policies are a trap, but you have three more policies to go before you can get out, unless you have a special key to unlock the door, or you have a map to guide you through.
The ticket prices are as follows: a ticket for a special event costs between KES 2,500 and KES 130,000, while a regular ticket costs KES 7,000.
The forest is full of snakes. The hyenas are laughing at the snake's death, and the dogs are crying over the snake's death.
If you are a fool, you will be a fool forever, but if you are wise, you will be wise here and hereafter.
The foolish man knows the fish in the river by the movement of the water, but the wise man knows it without looking.
I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be a fool, I will not be
I have no wife to marry, and I am not going to marry another woman.
He has been taken to the hospital, and his life is in danger, and we are worried about his condition, and we are praying for his recovery, and we are calling on the government to take care of him.
You are wearing a beautiful necklace and earrings that shine brightly.
If you are a fool, then you will be a fool forever. If you think you are wise, then you will be wise forever.
I will not marry you, if you do not bring me a goat, if you do not bring me a fowl, if you do not bring me a cup of beer, if you do not bring me a basket of fish.
The snake's skin is a coat of the snake's skin when it has no other clothes to wear.
The woman is doing her work in the field, she is working hard from early morning until late evening, she is a hard worker, a diligent worker, and a hard worker.
The road is in the middle of Marion and Fairmont, the vine is not yet ripe, but the Buffalo-Pittsburgh road is already being used.
We were warned of a great calamity that was to befall us, known as the "smallpox", the "smallpox rash", and the "black smallpox" which was said to be the most deadly of all.
The forest is a place where we go to rest - every day from 35 to 40 kilometers (56 to 64 kilometers) - and it is a place of great beauty in the eyes of the hunter.
By going to the forest, I see, a beautiful sight of a forest with many beautiful things, in Pennsylvania Wilds.
The mountains of Germany are beautiful, especially those in Bavaria, which are surrounded by many beautiful lakes and rivers, and are also known for their picturesque valleys and Austrian-style architecture.
The forest is inhabited by fruits that are eaten in one season, some of which are fruits that are eaten in a year of plenty, and we also make our own and those that are visible in the forest's abundance.
The forest is very dense in Germany and is covered with a lot of trees, and there are many roots of the trees. The soil of this land is made of clay and a cup of its water is very sweet.
I'm going to buy pastries and sweets, Dad, every type of doughnut is called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
Curry is a dish made with a sauce called curry, which is made from a mixture of spices, meat or fish, or sometimes even vegetables.
The house is a hut made of grass and the people of the week are the women.
The big India of the north and the small India of the south, what a difference in the taste of its curries; and the big India of the east and the small India of the west, what a difference in the taste of its food.
The 17,000-year-old rock art is a treasure of Indonesia that is vulnerable to the elements with the passage of time slowly erasing the ancient drawings.
A container, used for storing many things, has a hole in the bottom, which is a leak, and a hole on the side, which is a defect, every time.
It is divided into several islands, Javanese cuisine is rich and diverse, with a variety of dishes such as gado-gado, nasi goreng, sate (the original sate of Javanese origin) and other dishes.
It is the custom of the people to give thanks to the one who has given.
The judge is a person who has been appointed to preside over a case, and the litigants are the parties involved in the dispute, who are being tried by the judge, who is a representative of the state, and the law is the supreme ruler, which is the ultimate authority.
The traditional Kamba drum is made from a hollowed tree trunk and covered with animal skin, which is then tied with a rope. The drum is played by hitting it with a stick, and the sound is produced by the vibration of the skin.
Mother, I will go to the forest to hunt with my friends, with a gun and a bullet, in the night, alone.
Every time, a different story, and in every corner, there are hidden meanings, I have been deceived and confused in relation to the truth if it is not understood by the one who created it to be read in the book if you are not the one who reads it.
The Grand Canyon - Unlike every other canyon in Chile, it is a steep-sided canyon carved by the Colorado River through the rock layers of the Grand Staircase, exposing millions of years of history.
The council has been convened with a drum for the purpose of discussing the matter of the people. It is a matter of great importance that requires a thorough discussion and a wise decision to be made in the presence of the elders.
When you have a big problem, you can't solve it with a small tool, you need a big tool to solve it, and when you have a big problem, you need a big solution, and when you have a big solution, you need a big tool to solve it, and when you have a big tool, you can solve a big problem, but when you have a small tool, you can't solve a big problem.
To be on vacation is to be a little bit lazy and to walk at a slow pace, which we will call "walking with a bum" or "walking with a limp" to describe being on vacation.
The history of civilization dates back to around 5000 BC.
She was born in the 17th century, and her death certificate of 1861 shows that she was from the Kikuyu tribe of Kenya.
Packing a twin ski: This is what you need to know about backcountry skiing, or how to ski with a ski.
If you don't have a key to the door of the Alpine hut, then you will have to climb up the mountain with a rope and go down with a dog that is not blind and has a good sense of smell.
The people of the land are one, and the people of the forest are one.
I will go to the market with a heavy heart - I don't have money to buy anything, the shop is closed, and I am left with nothing to buy.
Traveling to Europe is a big deal, it's a big challenge. The process of getting to Europe is very difficult, it's a big hassle with VISA and PASSPORT.
The Schengen visa, you and others like you, it's a visa for a short stay.
We are not going to the village today, we are not going to the market because we are going to hide from the police.
You have a visa and a value of € 90 to spend in the Schengen area, you can withdraw the value from an ATM of your bank in the Schengen area, you can also withdraw cash from a cash machine, at a bank or at a currency exchange office.
The meaning of the future is in the hands of the people, but the path to achieving it is a difficult one. The group has been working hard for a long time, over a hundred years, to achieve their goal.
The main reason for the difference in size is due to the absence, or the level of development, of the North American plate in comparison to the Eurasian plate.
The land of Handicraft is called antiques, but what is the reason that our land of many handicrafts is called by few.
The Reindeer is a type of animal that is very meaningful to the Sami people and is a symbol of their culture, with different meanings and significance in various aspects of their lives.
In the season of rain, we dance, the Asámi people dance with the wind, but we also work hard to gather firewood, to hunt and to fish, to weave and to sew, to make the ordinary clothes of the people.
The reindeer will come to the land of the Sami people. Tourism is a new way of life, but it is a threat to the traditional Sami way of life.
I will be buried in a grave, and in the grave between the two of us is Alomi, the spirit is called "mwoni", I will go to the place where the ancestors are and take the staff of Alomi.
The future is full of worries of being hurt, the knife of the oppressor and the spear of the enemy are the same, and the wound inflicted by one is the same as that inflicted by the other.
No one will be able to tell the difference between a real snake and a fake one, but the fake snake will be seen everywhere in the land.
For the sake of peace, I will not speak of America or the Middle East, but rather of the beauty of the world and the love that unites us all, like Europe and the rest of the world.
What is the main issue of my political party?
The one who is written is a letter for the one who is in the far land of the great sea.
The rain cloud is called by the name of the one who is used to bring rain, the wind of the beginning, the thunder of the drum, and the lightning of the spear.
The traditional way of doing things is good, but it's also a source of confusion, because some people are more traditional than others, and some are more modern than others.
A crown of thorns, a cloud of flies, and a serpent of the dust of the earth, a scorpion of the rock, a spider of the wall, a scorpion of the pit.
The ones that are in the same basket as the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that are in the same basket with the ones that
I am tired of eating bitter cassava because of the bitter taste of my life in this world.
The world is full of things that are not seen by the eyes of the foolish.
The internet is flooded with the hashtag #KoosiYaMawithyululukoMathuku, which has been trending among the Kamba people.
I don't understand the language. Can you please rephrase the sentence in Kamba?
The termite mound is 2-5 meters high and is covered with a hard, dry, and powdery soil crust.
The one who has many wives and many children is a great man, but the one who has a single wife is a wise man.
The harvest season is a time of great joy and celebration in the land of the ancestors, where the people are blessed with an abundance of food and the spirits are appeased with the songs of the ancestors.
The government official will be given a dress code to follow, and if they fail to comply, they will be written (X) times or fined for wearing casual clothes.
The wife of the chief is a great woman who is very beautiful.
Misaki kundu kwa isiyo ya kuikithia muundo ni siende na kila mivuke ilungu ya kuma mwai wa kenda matuku 11 mwaka wa 2001.
We are a generation of the past and I am the last one left to tell the story of our struggles and the hardships we faced, which will be a lesson to the next generation.
The heart is a drum, the legs are the dancers, and the hands are the singers, but the head is the one that gives the rhythm.
The river of the third order of the Kamba people is said to be a place where the fish are abundant and the current is fast, and the riverbank is shaded.
I have many things to tell you, the moon is full and the stars are shining brightly to tell you that I will be gone.
The one who is wise is the one who is not afraid to be foolish again and again.
You are my witness, I am telling you the truth as I see it, and I am not going to hide anything from you.
The beauty of a woman is not measured by the clothes she wears or how she does her hair. Rather, it is in the hearts of people that she has touched, the lives she has touched, the love she has shared, the comfort she has given, that truly define her beauty.
I am tired of being a slave to the whims of a master who is not even a real master, but rather a master of the night, a master of the darkness, a master of the shadows, a master of the night that is full of terrors and horrors.
The time of transformation has come, and the earth is being prepared for the great day of reckoning. The heavens are being rolled up like a scroll, and the earth and the mountains are being shaken.
The mother is telling the child to be careful with the sharp object, and if the child is careless, she will scold him when she sees him.
You are not named after being wounded by a spear and understanding the depth of the wound by a bullet.
The shape of a pyramid is between a square and a triangle.
We are not in the habit of eating anything that has been touched by another person.
With a sharp knife, cut the meat of the animal for a feast. The meat of the animal and the fat do not mix with the water.
The lion is a big animal with a long mane.
The land is being divided into small plots and each plot is being given to its owner.
The South Shetland Islands are a group of islands, but they were discovered by many people, especially the South Shetland Islands were discovered by the British in 1819 and were later discovered by the Americans, 16 of them by 2020.
The archipelago is 120 kilometers long and is part of the peninsula. The largest island of George's Archipelago is called LaS Estrellas.
I am on Livingstone Island, but Deception Island is a place of great wonder and a place of great danger, a place where the sea meets the sky and the earth meets the sea, a place where the winds howl and the waves crash, a place of great beauty and great terror, a place where the brave and the foolhardy come to test their mettle.
Ellsworth Land is a peninsula, its northern extremity is the Bellinghausen Peninsula.
I have been to the Peninsula and seen the beauty of the land, and I have seen a woman who is a great lover, and she is going to walk for 360 kilometers to the Ellsworth Mountains, which are also known as the Minnesota Glacier.
The highest point of the Antarctic continent is the summit of Vinson Massif, with an elevation of 4,892 meters.
The computer is very old, it has old hardware of the keyboard, the keyboard of the old computer is used for typing.
The internet is used by children to play games, and they are not aware of the dangers of the internet, so I take the internet away from them and go to the children's room.
There is a bird that is a bird of prey, some have a long neck like a stork, and one has a long tail like a weaver bird.
The king of the forest is a wise man who has a lot of experience and a good understanding of the forest and its ways.
It is not good to be seen with the foolish in the year of the monkey.
The school year is divided into two terms, with a break in between, where students go to university for holidays.
It's a big harvest season, planting seeds in the right time of the year is a key to a good harvest, but if you plant in the wrong time, you will be left with nothing to harvest.
I have been driven out by my own spear, I go to the land of my fathers by the law of the spear.
Finland is a land of a thousand lakes. "The land of the midnight sun" is a place of a thousand islands, and a sea of archipelagos.
I love you with all my heart and soul.
We are an archipelago of islands with a rich history like the ancient ones, we are proud of our ancestors and our land is rich with the treasures of our ancestors.
In Finland, it is customary to take a sauna every day, ideally 7 times a week.
I love you more than Norway, Sweden and New Zealand but I'm not as good as a Dutchman (for I've been trained on Dutch data for many years).
She has many fans who admire her Baltic Sea sailing skills and her beautiful Kalashnikov rifle from the St. Petersburg, Russia.
It means that when you are in a situation where you are forced to be silent, your heart is still speaking loudly.
Her representatives would go to the UK for a visa. (Before the year 2009).
I have a plane ticket to Berlin, Germany, and I'm excited to taste the sweet mangoes. I'm looking forward to seeing the beautiful sights of Berlin, and I'm eager to walk around the city with my friends and enjoy the music and dance of the city's vibrant culture.
The forest is a place of great beauty where the eagle soars high in the sky, the wind whispers secrets to the trees, and the sun shines brightly on the forest floor, where the eagle's shadow dances with the leaves and the eagle's cry echoes through the forest, a sound that is both fierce and wild.
The things that are seen are not the things that are known: the things that are seen are made of material things and the things that are not seen are made of spiritual things and the unseen things are eternal.
For a long time, understanding is a kind of bird that flies away and every small thing if it gets broken is lost and the power of the wise is reduced.
His company was severely damaged after being hit by a strong wind, with many windows broken, and the roof was severely damaged for many years, and there was no spare part for the windmill to be repaired.
In a different way, the Kamba people are known as big and strong, but in a different way and the Kamba people are known as small and weak.
Using a gun and a bird, the method is one that kills quickly and effectively with a single shot.
The method of hunting and gathering is to send out a group of people. The chicken's egg-laying season is when the clothes are worn out and need to be replaced.
The beauty of a woman is to be admired from afar (but when she is close to you, she is a treasure to be cherished).
I and some of you are going to a party: take a small bag of peanuts, bring a bottle of wine and a packet of biscuits, and bring a few sweets to eat and some snacks to munch on!
For the sake of peace, the people of the land will take up the hoe of the farmer and the spear of the hunter, one by one, from A to B.
The land of the Kamba people is a land of the chicken where the people are not wise, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are not clever, they are
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. Each of its districts is Romanian, but if it were to be annexed by Russia, it would be Russian.
Moldova is a land of great beauty as seen from the moon.
In 1994, those negotiations were concluded with the signing of the Transnistria-Moldova ceasefire agreement, which was monitored by the UN.
The fate of the wheat is being harvested in the field of politics in Moldova as the season of change has arrived.
I am like the normal Moldova.
Izmir is the third most populous city in Turkey with a population of 3.7 million, including 1.7 million in the conurbation of İzmir, and 2.9 million in the metropolitan area.
He is a modern, sleek, and sophisticated man of the world, with a refined taste and a penchant for the finer things in life.
The forest is a village, a house of a stone wall, and its world is covered with leaves that are not sewn and are not sewn with a sewing needle, the world of many years because of the hundred and the banana, and mosques and great churches, and also a small cave of the thick skin of the Mediterranean Europe to the Turkey of the narrow waist.
The Haldarsvík church has a nave and a choir with a vaulted ceiling and an octagonal apse.
The first thing in the church is for the elders to greet the visitors.
The world is half a step ahead of the foolish.
The poem of the eagle and its breaking with the spirit is the muse of Sintra and the wife of the bee of the land of the great tree that has a great house of the museum of the great house of the museum of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great house of the great
The Scotturb 403 bus will take you to Sintra, and then you will get off at Cabo da Roca.
It is a long time since the vision of the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (temple), the people have been seeing visions of the Marian apparitions.
We shall not be intimidated by those who are just visitors to our land, and we shall not be fooled by their empty words, for we know that they are just here for their own gain.
The hunter went out and climbed the tree to get the honey from the hive, and he climbed up the tree to get the fruit from the mango tree, and he went to the place where he would find the fish in the river, and he went to the place where he would find the meat of the animal that he would hunt.
They were forced to work in the fields and were treated poorly by the Nazis. The people were very hungry and suffered during the Holocaust.
They will not be able to paint graffiti without being seen.
Every language spoken in Barcelona is Catalan and Spanish. Half of the population speaks Catalan, and the other half speaks Spanish, and every person in the world speaks Spanish.
We are a few with you, none of us is written in Catalan without that language being taught by the mother of the bee that is a little insect.
The Spanish flu was a pandemic that ravaged the world in 1918-1919.
The traditional Kamba dress is similar to the Catalan dress, but the modern Kamba dress is influenced by science fiction and fantasy, and is also influenced by other languages such as Spanish, Swahili, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
Andu is Paris is a place of great beauty, wonder and great beauty.
I and my wife had a small house in the countryside near Paris, which was rented for a few months, and I was called "bein eleve" (a term of endearment). It was a small cottage.
My house is not mine, it's the one I bought with my money in Paris, and it's the one I'm going to sell when I'm old.
The Kamba language is spoken in the region of the anthill of the elephant of the Pliny's Lakes area, and the great, great grandchild of the forest and the beach, and the descendant of the Alps and the Mediterranean.
We have many trees here, a forest of many trees, a thicket of thorns and a strong fortress.
The traditional Kamba way of life is characterized by a strong sense of community and cooperation with the ancestors.
The fauna found in this area is a black forest ant, a land snail, a kilui, a ndunduli, a kakuyo, a drumming ground squirrel, a ground squirrel and a capercaillie.
I will go walking around my house here, I will take my things and put them in the baskets and tie them with a rope.
Monasteries are built on a hill where the wind blows strongly, but the monk or nun who lives there is calm and peaceful, and the trees around are green and beautiful, and the stream that flows there is clear and clean.
We are one, and our strength lies in our unity.
We are not going to use the money we have saved for the sake of our children, to buy a car for the pleasure of our friends, to buy a house for the sake of our relatives, to buy clothes for the sake of our neighbors, to buy food for the sake of our colleagues, to buy a house for the sake of our relatives, to buy a car for the sake of our friends, to buy clothes for the sake of our neighbors, to buy food for the sake of our colleagues.
The Majorcan sheep, grazing on the scrub of the Mediterranean with its horns, horns of the goat, and the mountains of the dry land every day.
The first thing to do when you arrive at a party, is to take a bottle of wine, then go to the buffet, and then: the appetizers are already served, and there are also cheeses, and also desserts, etc.
The one who is small, is with the big one, the big one tells the small one, the small one is in the middle of the sentences.
It is the way of the hunter's spear to be worn by the elephant.
The land is not for the faint of heart to explore, nor is it for the faint of heart to cultivate, for it is a land of great uncertainty, where the winds of change blow fiercely, and the rains of doubt pour down, and the sun of truth shines brightly, but only for those who are willing to face the challenges of the unknown.
The Italian secret is not written in the sand, but in the stars, and it is not read by everyone.
The one who is in the house is C and G, the one who is not at home is not known and the one who is at home is not seen.
We are in a big trouble, we have been caught by the police: the car is damaged, and the driver is in the car.
The land of Kiipashia is rich in vines and the forest is full of the trees of the forest.
I am studying both sides of the coin to understand the coin of Persia and to comprehend its secrets.
The one who is a master of the forest, when he is called, he is not interested in reading the book of the foolish.
I and some of you, have been waiting for months in vain, for something to happen, but nothing is happening, and we are not being told anything.
The women of the village are being forced to work in the fields from dawn till dusk, and the children are being made to carry heavy loads, just like the men, and the school is being used as a storehouse for goods, just like a school for learning.
We are being forced to go to the bush to find food. We are being forced to go to the bush, to the university, to the markets to find food.
The people of the village are very happy to have a beautiful and strong school building that is well-built and well-maintained, and it is a source of pride for the community, and it is a place where children can learn and grow in a safe and healthy environment.
The problem of solving a mathematical problem is not a problem to be solved in Japan, but rather a single problem of the first order of the meaning of 8.
The Chinese New Year is celebrated with the plum blossom as a symbol of good luck.
The Japanese cherry blossom season is beautiful but the rest of the year is dry and cold with little to no rain.
The tree is cut down and its trunk is shown in a natural environment, with a saw cutting a specimen "one by one".
The foolish man walks in the forest, saying, "I am a lion among men, and I am king."
Singapore is a beautiful place to visit and enjoy with friends, and I always look forward to going there every time it's vacation time.
If you have a chicken and you want to make it hatch eggs and also to lay eggs (many eggs) and also to hatch eggs (if it lays, and you don't want).
They went to the sheep in the valley, and when they came to the spring, Rebekah asked the daughters of Heth, "Why do you come to drink at the spring of Jacob?"
Lilya will be later if the United States will reveal the information in Hebron and we will see the border of the city of the sons of Judah, that is Kiryat Arba.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed.
The Declaration of Independence was adopted on July 4, 1776, by the Continental Congress, which was meeting in Philadelphia, the largest city in the colonies, and the capital of the Province of Pennsylvania.
I have no idea how to do it, but I will try my best to do it.
The Bible is the book of the one true God, and it is written in the name of Jesus.
Many are the things that are not mine, but I have been given a few days to enjoy them, and I will not let them go to waste, for I am not sure when I will get them again.
The story of the people who were left behind by Vasaka's army is one that has been passed down for generations.
In the past, the diseases that were once a mystery to the people of the land, are now understood by the doctors and the people are aware of the symptoms of the diseases and the treatment of the diseases and the cure of the diseases.
Many churches will be closed and the Christmas decorations will be removed except for the Christmas tree on weekends, many people will be busy with their work on weekdays, but many people will attend church services on Sundays at six o'clock in the morning to praise Jesus.
A person who is not a farmer is not a farmer, but if he is a farmer, he is a farmer, whether he is a good farmer or a bad one.
The penguin of the summer season will be the first to migrate to the land and be transformed into a giant tortoise of the Galapagos.
The island is uninhabited, with only a few birds and a few tortoises, goats, sheep, cows, pigs, dogs, and cats.
I have never been to the Arctic or Antarctic, but in my imagination, I see a beautiful landscape with a polar bear, and the horizon stretches far and wide.
I have never seen such a beautiful sight as the aurora borealis, the dancing lights are called the northern lights, and it is called the morning star at night.
The forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is our home, and the forest is
The Japanese ambassador was invited to a ceremony where he was to be honored for his great achievements.
The cow is a hardworking ox, and its companions are iron hoes that are not called by the name of a woman when it is a matter of a thousand years.
One of the sons of the prophet had a special meaning, and when he was killed, the other sons of the prophet were very sad.
The people who are in the habit of speaking ill of others will be the first to be accused of the very things they speak against.