We are tired, so we have four seasons, which are bitter with the sweetness of their youth.
Dr. Ehud Ur, a renowned scholar in the field of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, is also the director of the module on wound care and hyperbaric medicine for the Canadian Society of Hyperbaric Medicine, who has conducted extensive research on the subject.
As for those who are blind, he has a gift of seeing with the sweetness of sugar that is not diminished even when it is shared with people who have a Type 1 sugar.
At Mosupologo, Sara Danius, the former Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, in an interview with Sveriges Radio, Sweden, she explained the reasons behind the Swedish Academy's decision to award the Nobel Prize in Literature to Bob Dylan in 2016, and her own role in the process.
I'm not interested, "I'm not looking for a serious relationship. I'm just looking for casual email exchanges. Don't expect anything serious."
I'm stuck in a meeting, the CEO of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, is a robot that was designed to be a smart doorbell that was not able to be hacked into.
The Wi-Fi password is Tswana.
One should not be forced to accept that a mother has not been able to be given the opportunity to bury her great and small children.
In 2017, Siminoff went on a tour of the QVC's flagship store.
I see a ring, the outer ring of the complex is surrounded by the ADT Corporation's security systems, which are highly advanced.
It is not known if the new vaccine is more effective than the old one in preventing Ebola, killing the virus quickly, or not causing any side effects in the long run.
A single dose, ZMapp is administered, antibodies that neutralize the virus are produced, and the virus is suppressed in the body.
The PALM vaccine, ZMapp is one of the few treatments available to combat the deadly Ebola virus.
The USA Gymnastics Board is meeting with the American Olympic Committee's Board of Directors to address the concerns of the 16 Olympic athletes who are boycotting the Olympics in protest.
We are grateful for the support of the USOC in our pursuit of excellence in our sport, and the resources of the bone, which are being used in a responsible manner before being recycled, in our facility.
The US Olympic Committee and USA Gymnastics are working together to address the four lawsuits and class-action claims against the organization, stemming from the abuse committed by Larry Nassar, which were covered up by the organization; the investigation will also look into the allegations of a culture of silence and complicity that allowed the abuse to continue.
One is saying the reason he is taking a flight is to go and enjoy the beauty of Australia.
In the early 1960s, Brzezinski was a close associate of John F. Kennedy, and later, a close associate of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 elections, Carter was defeated in the primaries and became the National Security Advisor (NSA) going into 1977 and held the position until 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
Like NSA, he oversaw Carter on the diplomatic side of the Cold War, like the Camp David Accords, in 1978; he facilitated in the rapprochement between the US and China in the 1970s; he oversaw the Iranian Revolution, which led to Iran's isolation in the international community in 1979; and he was responsible for the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film's lead actors are Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, who are set to star in a romantic comedy in several languages.
The gosling and the stone were chosen by the heavenly beings to be the symbols of the male and female, and the earth, in the creation of the world.
The Best Supporting Actor nominees are competing for the Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay awards.
The two fools are going to be in the movie, The Fools Who Dream, and the City of Stars, the two foolish songs are the most beautiful songs. The Lionsgate film is going to be 26 songs - including many artist's songs.
In the year of the Monkey, the leader of the world of the United States, Donald Trump was attacked by a group of hackers, and it was said that the US would go to war with Syria.
The crisis was resolved later after a deal was made between the US and the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
We are going to take revenge, Turkey will take the responsibility of the terrorists of the ISIS, and we will burn the European countries that are supporting them.
It is as if he is a fool, and he is a fool because he is a fool, and there are other foolish things that have a hole, and he is a very small and insignificant thing, and he is also a fool because he is a fool, just like a bird and a bird's nest.
The leaves of the trees are green, they have a thick bark above, but below they are rough.
The future is uncertain, and we are at the mercy of the whims of the stars that are aligned at the time of our birth.
When the dinosaurs' eggs hatched, the young ones were already formed, with their ribs, and had other types of shells – the yolk and the membranes – which the parents would nurture until they became fully formed and healthy.
When the two horns that are on the head of the ram are growing, they are to be in his power, and they are to be cast down to the ground, and all that he can do will be done by the will of the one who sent him. The he-goat is to be cast into the pit, and he is to be broken, and not a bone of him is to be broken.
The elders are saying, and it is not a trivial matter, that the child is being spoiled by the mother, and the child is being made to wear the mother's clothes and the child is being made to wear the grandmother's shoes.
The zoo of the future is being built in the great city of Gaziantep, Turkey, which is a safe haven for the 85th generation of animals after the great disaster that killed 85% of the population.
The office of the president is a sacred institution that is highly revered and respected by the people.
The video is a response to a message from the enemies, who claim that the message was written by someone from the ISIL.
They say that the earth is full of hidden treasures: The secret of the hidden treasures in the earth is revealed by the sun's rays that shine on it and bring it to light.
Go phatsima le go dikologa di dirisiwa mmogo thata go bona palo ya naledi ya Rossby, e e tsamaelanang le go elela ga polasema.
The Rossby number is small, so the flow is nearly two-dimensional and the magnetic field is nearly vertical.
I was at the loo, and I was washing my hands back and forth.
One is a traveler, rewarded with a visa to enter Tibet, and then falls in love with the beauty of Nepal, and finally, is welcomed by the hospitality of India.
The range of 802.11n is limited to frequencies of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
It is not recommended to use the device as it is likely to be hacked before the 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards were implemented - unless it is used with a dual radio.
Mabelo a 802.11n a feta a tsa pele go menagane, ka kekelo ya 600Mbit/s translates to:
Duvall, you are not the one who has children who are being raised by a stepmother, but you are the one who is being accused of having an affair with Miller, you are the one who is being accused.
When he was given a rifle, Miller said, "Mike is speaking loudly in the room... I am not sure if I am going to shoot, I am just going to pretend I am going to shoot."
They are saying "The call to stop carbon dioxide emissions from the coal mine since 2020 to the year 2005.
One of the things I'm going to talk about is how we are going to be attacked with guns, I'm going to talk more about how the idea of the Chinese people's resistance is going to be inspired by the ideas of the Chinese people.
They are going to be very careful with the little things that are very important and then be careless afterwards.
I am a woman who says, "My mother has not given me the right to wear big, beautiful clothes, but rather clothes that are worn out."
The deadline for submissions to the Iraq tender is 12:00 GMT today.
We must separate the good from the bad, the useful from the useless, and the true from the false, in the midst of the noise of the world and the din of the devil.
The Pego is a replica of a prehistoric dinosaur that is going to be exhibited in America as part of a lone exhibition of fossils from Botswana.
The camera is being used to take pictures of the beautiful scenery of Bookamedi, which is located in Iraq, and it is also being used to take pictures of the beauty of the desert.
At the age of 78, he was to be hanged for allegedly being the mastermind behind a series of bombings that took place over a year ago, which targeted Iraqi civilians, and also for allegedly coordinating attacks between Iraq and neighboring countries.
The presidential motorcade of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, was forced to take a detour of the main highway to La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Kirchner's husband, Néstor Kirchner, negotiated with the Argentine military for a peaceful resolution, following the 2005 crisis, when he became the governor of Buenos Aires Province.
The deal, it is being made by the five men who are being helped by the aid of Katrina's destruction to the city of New Orleans. Some of the men are being paid to fix the damage, "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
The Great Wall of China is said to be visible from space, but in reality, it is not.
People who are far from the truth are deceived by the Romans.
People who are blind are not different from children who are young in that they are not yet able to see for themselves that one is being led to the crowd in St. Peter's Square.
How are the negotiations going between the two parties in the Roman court, where people are eager to see the outcome.
The children of Italy are very happy, from the bottom to Poland, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy, they are very happy
The old law of the FBI was that it would take a bullet to the head before it would reveal its secrets, but the truth is that it was a cover-up to hide the fact that it was being controlled by the bone of contention of the organization.
The Great Train Robbery of 2005 was a major heist, and the FBI was able to track down and apprehend the gang of 10 who stole £60 million from a train in the UK.
Robbin Uthappa has a batting average of 70 in the first-class cricket and a bowling average of 2 in the first-class cricket.
The cricket team of the 1990s, led by Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, were sent to the field and were given a target of 300 runs to chase.
Ma'am, the rest of the team was not bowled by the captain's wicket, India scored 36 runs off it, and they were bowled out for a super over, ending their innings.
US President George W. Bush is scheduled to visit Singapore on the 16th of the child month, to launch a new security initiative for Asia.
He was appointed by the President of Singapore, Tony Tan Keng Wig, as a minister without portfolio, alongside Minister Wong Kan Seng, and as a minister in the Prime Minister's Office, alongside Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The Morago was not going to be used, Bush said the generals were briefed on a plan for a papier-mâché attack on Asia.
Leader, Mr. Stephen Harper is going to prorogue the House of Commons for the second time for the Conservative party before the opposition, led by NDP's Jack Layton, can get a foothold on PMO for the Liberals.
Layton is in a hurry to get the rules in place in the emergency meeting of the science council at the time of the school holidays and the PM meeting, but he says, "Let's discuss this in private" to the science council chairman.
For a long time the river has been carrying its load of silt and pebbles from the Mersey estuary to Devonport, Tasmania, with many a bend and curve, and a few rocks and boulders, and a few fish swimming in the waters of the sea.
Mrs. Tonakgolo John Howard has decided to remove the plastic bags from her bookshelf, and instead use reusable bags made of blue fabric from Tasmania, costing AUD$45 each.
The waves of the sea, the waves of the ocean are being destroyed by the storms of the hurricane, and the waves of the tsunami are being washed away in the aftermath of the hurricane. And it is also said that the tsunami waves were also destroyed by the storms of the hurricane in Pago Pago and Niue.
The warnings were issued for Tonga, and the tsunami warning was issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) after a volcanic eruption occurred.
The droughts of the last few years have been severe in Hawaii, and it is clear that the climate is changing due to global warming after Labor Day, and the heatwaves are becoming more frequent afterwards.
The President of the U.S. George W. Bush has been sworn in.
President Bush, through Gordon Johndroe, has expressed concern to the North Koreans that "the actions of the North are going to have to be very different if we are going to be able to have a dialogue."
The waves of the poisonous snakes that follow the trail of the Atlantic penguin, the waves of Jerry, the entire waves of the Atlantic in one go.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) has issued a warning for Hurricane Jerry.
The engineers at Engen are planning to add six new fuel stations to the existing ones.
The water rose high, it was a great flood in the land after 20 days of the hurricane Katrina, when the water overflowed the banks of the river in the city of Nokeng in the province of Gauteng where the people were left stranded.
The rain is falling outside the window of the room.
The Commons Wikimedia, Adam Cuerden, one a super go to fix the backlog of other things as he edits Wikinews in the off-season.
The whole of Wales is in mourning as we speak, just like a bereaved family when they lose a loved one. They are all in shock, just like a basket that has been turned upside down and all its contents are scattered everywhere. They are all in a state of grief, just like a basket that has been turned upside down and all its contents are scattered everywhere, and they are all in a state of shock, just like a basket that has been turned upside down and all its contents are scattered everywhere.
The nation's development is being hindered by the fact that we are still discussing and debating issues that were resolved decades ago, while we are also being distracted by trivial matters on social media, with no clear vision for the future.
The stars of the constellation are not yet visible, but the signs of the zodiac are already pointing to the Sagittarius.
The old man's eyes were covered by the thick, heavy curtains between the bedroom and the living room of the small house.
The Orion is like a necklace in the sky, it wears a necklace, the Milky Way is like a necklace for the Sagittarius constellation.
The elderly people of the village are happy with the sweets they have received, which are different from the ones they used to buy from elsewhere.
The story of the elephant is a long one, it is a story of a long journey of a small ant that was carried by a big elephant to a big anthill, and from there to a big anthill again to make a big heap, and it was eaten by many small children.
The first fruits of the vine are eaten fresh, not dried.
Our leaders in the places divide us among themselves, they make us fight over a small thing, they make us fight for the seats of the council, and they say we are not enough to drown in the sea of pumpkins.
They are radioactive waste from the nuclear reactor of Japan, which is contaminated with caesium and iodine isotopes.
The ancestors are saying that the snake is a symbol of the power of the universe in the world of the dead, where the spirits of the ancestors are free to roam and dance.
The rare form of tuberculosis known as extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) is a major concern in our country, said Dr Tony Moll in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
I am tired, I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of things to do that are on top of a heavy burden.
Dr. Moll said that those who are supposed to be going to school are being forced to work in the fields, while others are being forced to stay at home or are being sent to work in the mines.
You are a young man of a year or two older than the one who is the father of your children, you can marry a girl of 10 to go to 15, but you must not marry a girl who is too old for you.
The mother, the burden of XDR-TB in a crowded community where the water is contaminated with sewage, is a deep blue; 6,000 in a population of 330,000 are infected with the disease in Africa.
The diamonds are of the colour, which cost £1,000, the necklace weighs 17.5 grams and the ring is valued at £491.
The people are tired of being oppressed and are demanding freedom.
We are going to go and look for the car that is missing and it is a big problem in this country.
The United States Senate has adjourned until next week.
The government will be formed in the next four days.
The ancestor who is to be celebrated in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area will be given a special dish of porridge made from corn, after which the children will be given a small amount of money, and then they will be given a small toy, and they will be taken to the mother's friend's house to play on Labor Day, and then they will be given a small gift from Ohio.
Ngaka Malar Balasubramanian at the age of 29, was born in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati, where he was raised by his father and mother, and was educated at a Catholic school of the order of the Brothers of the Holy Cross.
One is a bad omen for his Oldsmobile Intrigue, which he had just bought, and it was struck by lightning 500 feet away.
The funeral has taken place, and the body of Saroja Balsubramniam, 53, has been laid to rest after being found dead in a pool of blood.
I will not marry a woman who is older than me.
The farm of the first of the cattle is in this place, it is protected by the month of August and September.
The rain is poured out of the clouds, and it's going to pour down on people.
The drought-stricken area of India is facing severe water shortages, with many communities struggling to access clean water, while the country's coal mines are producing record amounts of coal, with the government aiming to meet the country's growing energy demands.
The brain is protected by a layer of millions of tiny neurons of the cerebellum, which will thus prevent the development of diseases such as encephalitis, and will do so for many years.
The agreement is made to ensure that the long-term effects of the transaction are not detrimental to the company's future, and that the short-term gains are not at the expense of the company's long-term well-being, which is protected by a number of safeguards.
In 1956 Sana o left the stage as a young woman for Sweden, three years later she continued to work as a model in Sweden and became a successful fashion model.
The country of Sweden has a population of over 1,000 and some other islands have a population of 28.
His legacy is a heavy burden and a double-edged sword that weighs heavily on one person's shoulders in the community. Some people are trying to take his legacy for themselves.
The painting of his great-grandfather's worth of R1,000 is called "The Grand Masters of the Swedish Dukes" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
One gape a amega mo go direng mokwalo o o mo mading a dipampiri mo dinageng tse dintsi, sekai tsa sesheng tsa tiro ya gagwe di akaretsa setshwantsho sa Tautona e e tshwantshitsweng mo pele ga madi a masha a ko Canada a $5 le 100$.
Gibson was arrested after a long chase, and he was later found guilty in court.
Mokgweetsi Masisi, who has been in office for 64 years, is a former school teacher in a village.
Good morning, I am not in the mood for the car's dashboard clock to be an hour ahead of my internal clock (of GMT) today.
The old man was walking in the middle of the road when he was stopped by four young men who said, "Go, we are not going to let you pass until you tell us the names of all the children you have slept with."
The people of the land will be forced to go to the city for a long time.
Some of the animals in the forest are being used to clean up the country's waste, and to support technology that helps to solve the problems of the country.
The U.N. meeting is being held to discuss the special treatment of the vulnerable countries by the climate change support and assistance mechanism.
The water is being used to irrigate the fields that are being searched for by the thirsty.
It's a fluke if people are not going to like what others are saying because of the way they are spoken to.
They are being forced into marriage for the sake of the dowry, which is a burden to the young men and women who are forced to pay it as if it were a debt to be paid.
If a woman is pregnant and her husband is impotent, the people will say that she has been bewitched by a witch doctor, and that she has been given a medicine by a witch doctor to kill her husband, so that she can marry another man.
People who are not in the same situation are not able to understand each other, and the problems of the oppressed are not seen clearly.
I will be in a meeting from 10:00-11:00 AM, MDT, and the document is currently being reviewed by the committee in the boardroom.
Go, I am going there, the people are already tired of the false promises of the politicians, they are fed up with the empty words of the leaders.
They have a 11.35 am deadline to finish their work.
It was in 1963 that the first nuclear reactor was built in the desert of South Africa.
Go out and play in the bright sunshine, wearing a hat made of leaves.
It is because of the sea that I have seen the back of the whale, the other two are the humpback whales.
When the water has been used up, the people will come and say it is the turn of the next one to take a bath, but the people who have been using it will say it is not their turn yet.
The people are not prepared for the earthquake, and it is said that the earthquake is going to be very strong, like the one in Jakarta, and it is said that the earthquake is going to be a major disaster, with a magnitude of 6.5.
They were going to go and see the beautiful sights of the tsunami, but the people of the village were busy with their daily activities and were not interested in seeing the sights.
She, the Tswana Oprah Winfrey, had a dream that she would be a great leader in a short time, and she was determined to make her people proud.
I have no special message. I am just going to tell you a story.
The opposition parties in Namibia are in a state of turmoil as the president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been impeached and also removed from office.
The child of politics is the SWAPO, which is now the ruling party of Namibia.
The coalition in Afghanistan is facing a critical test of its resolve, while other coalition forces are being redeployed to support it.
The secret is hidden in the depths of the forest, it is made known by the foolish book.
The beauty of a car is not in its speed, but in the way it is handled by the owner, who is not a reckless driver.
The campaign of the Mangola malaria medicines, Medecins Sans Frontiers and the World Health Organisation are calling for the distribution of mosquito nets to all areas.
MSF Head of Mission, Richard Veerman said: "Angola is a country that has been ravaged by war, has been ravaged by HIV/AIDS, has been ravaged by malaria, and now faces a new threat of Ebola before it can even recover from the previous ones."
The match kicks off at 10.00 in the morning, with a slight delay, due to the rain that fell overnight, and it's going to be a dull day for the highly anticipated rugby match of the season.
The African elephants of the south are very quick to respond to the appearance of a 26 - 00 kg white one from the ten elephants of the herd of Zambia.
They are the oppressors, when they go to fight against the whites, Africa is going to be turned upside down, and the current of oppression is going to be turned back.
We are not going to be fooled by the promises of the politicians, the solutions they offer are just a way to distract us, and they are not going to solve our problems, they are just going to make us wait, and we are going to be left with the same problems we have now, and we are not going to be fooled by their empty promises.
The residents of the Amsterdam neighborhood and the relatives of Anne Frank were shocked and saddened by the theft of the bicycle, which is a symbol of the community's history, and they are calling for it to be returned as a matter of urgency.
It is going to be a long and difficult road, but it will be done by Thursday, and it will be done after the parliamentary recess.
The ancient rock art, known as "The Seven Sisters", is estimated to be around 100 years old, dating back to around 250 AD (equivalent to 328 to 820 feet high).
The purpose of the rock shelters and caves is to provide shelter from the sun when the sun is high.
The snake is in the basket of the sorcerer, but it is also in the length of his leg in the morning.
Glenn Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) at the Astrogeology Branch of the University of Arizona in Flagstaff, Arizona, said "The moon's craters are like those of the Earth's largest meteor impacts, but the moon's surface is much more heavily cratered".
For the sake of France, let us hide our differences and our desires: the politicians will speak in the chambers, and the opposition will be heard in the opposition benches, and the two will clash in the parliament.
If a person is asked to return a thing, the thing is already in the pocket of the person who took it, and they are not willing to put it in the pocket of the person who gave it.
The law of the jungle is that only the strongest survive.
It was in the year of 1988 that the first computers were made, the first computer was invented, the first computer was made to be used by people, the first computer was made to be used by people who were not yet computer-literate, and the first computer was made to be used by people who were not yet computer-literate, but it was not yet made to be used by people who were not yet computer-literate, but it was made to be used by people who were not yet computer-literate.
The people are being misled by the medicine to find out what is being done in secret. The people are being deceived by the medicine that is being hidden in the dark of the earth, and the medicine is being mixed with the poison that is being swallowed.
The ASUS Eee PC was first introduced in a press conference held in Taipei IT Month in 2007, with the aim of providing a low-cost, user-friendly computer for the masses, with a focus on simplicity and ease of use, and without many of the features that are typically found in more expensive computers.
The ASUS Eee PC was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award in 2007 by the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Republic of China.
The web of deceit is spun in the depths of the heart.
It is a coincidence, this combination of letters is only found in the periodic table of the element Toginet, it is also the combination of letters for the word pseudomania.
In 2015, TogiNet was merged with Radio AstroNet, a subsidiary of TogiNet.
In the aftermath, the second, it divides the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good people of the good
Go to the top and go down in the valley, but be careful of the big stones that are on the road, because there is a big hole in the middle of the road in Bishkek.
One of the protesters who was in Bishkek ran into a group of "thugs", like a swarm of bees in a crowded market, and people were being beaten in the streets.
The Bishkek gangsters are being pursued by the police in the western part of the city for the reason of their violent behavior.
New Zealand hosts the All Blacks rugby team in the Tri Nations tournament to the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The match ended in a draw of 21 kgatlhanong le 20 - the winner was not clear. They had also been defeated by the All Blacks in 15 of their matches.
I am disappointed with the Springboks, they have lost all credibility in my eyes.
I am a huge fan of the All Blacks, but they are not playing well at all this season.
The final match of the series will be played at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, before the Springbok team heads off to Australia.
The fire of the earth suddenly broke out in the Bitterroot Valley of Montana at 10:08 pm on August.
They are also part of the four major seismological networks in the United States, along with the National Earthquake Information Center.
The country's circumference is approximately 20 degrees of latitude (15 degrees of longitude), while Dillon's back-to-back-to-back sale is 65 degrees of latitude (40 degrees of longitude) to the east of Butte.
The avian flu virus, H5N1, is being studied and is being tested in a laboratory in Lyon, France.
The Danube River is the longest in the European Union; it flows through four countries: Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
Bird flu vaccines of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark are not yet approved.
The chambers of one are a secret to God "it is not known, it is hidden and only the birds of the earth know."
Chambers, you are greeting people who do not believe in God, and you are taking his sword for yourself, while each one can fight each one.
The symphony is dedicated to Camille Saint-Saens, in memory of his daughter, who was loved and admired in Japan.
As a result, the smugglers are cultivating cannabis in the forest, and the police are trying to track down the smugglers.
The first debate of the Newt Gingrich, the governor of Texas, Rick Perry, the leader of the Congress, Michele Bachmann, was a disaster of a mess, a catastrophe, a nightmare, a horror, a tragedy, a calamity, a disaster, a fiasco.
The Tswana language is not as strong as the English language, Gingrich is going to lose to Santorum, and he is going to be defeated by Romney's words, which are going to be used against him by the people who are angry with him in the Republican party.
Angkor Pass is a small village where you can see the temple in its original state, surrounded by the tranquil waters of Tonle Sap.
Bachmann, you are not a serious contender in the Ames Straw Poll on Thursday, you are just a long shot.
We are sorry to inform you that the patient has passed away at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, with our sincerest condolences.
I was born in the year of the 28th and 29th of the 20th century. Bieber said, "The snake is a symbol of the 12th house of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign of the zodiac, the 12th sign
The scandal surrounding the sex tape of the actress leaked before she could take down the explicit video of her ex-boyfriend after a confrontation with Sepulveda Boulvelda, who was about to release the sex tape of the actress before she could stop him, and then she went to the police station in California to file a complaint against her ex-boyfriend after two months.
Go and see, the intention is to make a beautiful painting with a blue background.
Every day, a few of the birds are caught by the traps set by the hunters.
She won the silver medal in the Netherlands, Anna Jochemsen, in the women's downhill at the Super-G course, and the gold medal in Finland, Katja Saarinen, in the women's slalom.
Australian skier Mitchell Gourley has been disqualified from the men's super-G at the men's ski event. Czech skier Oldřich Jelinek has been disqualified from the men's super-G at the men's ski event.
Arly Velasquez is going to Mexico to compete in the men's super-G. Adam Hall is going to New Zealand to compete in the men's super-combined.
The skier from the Czech Republic, Ondřej Morer, the son of, the skier from Poland, Maciej Krezel, his daughter, Anna Ogarzynska, fell in the same run as her father in the Super-G. Jong Seok Park of South Korea also fell in the same run as his father in the Super-G.
The Babolokakagiso of the Dichaba Kopaneng Parliament were sent to Haiti after the 2010 global disaster, where they were tasked with providing humanitarian aid to the affected camp.
Go to the farm, the cow is in the Lekgotla la Dichaba enclosure in Kopaneng and it has been fed well, but it has been taken to the Artibonite River bank in a large Haitian truck.
The earthquake was not felt in the area of the capital, Haiti was not affected and it was not felt for a hundred years until the earthquake of 1800.
The Haitian people in the midst of the hurricane are facing a great challenge that is beyond their control, and they are praying to the God of the Bible in the name of the Lord of the universe in Nepal.
Danielle Lantagne, a key figure in the Kopaneng Council of Chiefs, has been accused of being involved in the ritual that led to the death of a woman.
Hamilton was not admitted to the University of Howard's book, but he was given a Molwetse a le mo maemong a a tlhomameng.
The country is on high alert as to what is coming from Nigeria, with great concern over the spread of Ebola virus.
The next step after the initial shock of the loss is to mourn together with the bereaved family, to console and to comfort the bereaved.
The Simpsons is older than the characters in the show.
Around the time of the 1980s, he was a regular in the same kind of shows as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped to develop the concept of The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and he was also responsible for writing the show's dialogue.
The Tswana language was formalized in 1993, and he did not accept the proposals of the language committee, but instead went on to create his own alphabet, which he used to write words in a unique way, one at a time.
The Pelenyana of the Chinese Communist Party's news agency Xinhua are being used to promote the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Go to war, the days of youth are numbered, the time of youth is running out, and after that, we will be old men, and we will be left behind in Afghanistan, and we will be forgotten in Kandahar.
The battles of the mind are said to be more exhausting than the war in Afghanistan after the defeat of the siege of the siege of the war in Ürümqi.
The eyes of the enemy are wide open in Iran, but I have a pair of eyes that are closed, that are not open, that are not sharp, that are not used by the people for a long time.
The greetings of the people are not the same as the greetings of the whites, but rather they are the same as the greetings of the people themselves.
I am a product of the past, a relic of a bygone era, an heirloom of a forgotten people, a legacy of a bygone generation.
The 8th month, Iran has a hot summer with a high of 38 degrees Celsius and a low of 23 degrees Celsius in the capital city of Tehran, the capital of Armenia, is a hot summer with a high of 38 degrees Celsius and a low of 23 degrees Celsius.
In that week we had a single match in black against Mashhad, the game ended in a draw, with a score of 1-1.
Aerosmith has released their first live album since the band's formation.
The drought of the earth, of the language of the rain, we can't even irrigate the land in the Americas and Canada to harvest the sixth month of the eleventh year of the great drought.
They are releasing a new album after the first one was dedicated to Steven Tyler and the rest of the band will be touring the five dates of Phatwe.
Murray is being released into the wild after being seen by two men who were hunting in the wild and then released at a different time.
Del Potro was down a break in the second set, but he managed to recover and level the match at 6-6.
The mother is pregnant and the child is already able to speak in the womb.
The meeting is scheduled for 8:30 pm, our time (15.00 UTC).
The Diopedi are those who are always ready to go and sing the bhajans, or the songs of the cobamelo, for the sake of Lord Shri Shyam.
Seopedi Sanju Sharma is in the lead of the election in the constituency, he is followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who has secured 47 votes. One seat is yet to be allocated, to Raju Khandelwal.
Go tswa foo, Lakka Singh o ne a tsaya ketapelo mo go opelweng ga difela. translates to:
The 108th name of Lord Shiva (as per Hindu mythology, which is divided into 56, such as, demon-slaying, destroyer of evil, destroyer of ignorance, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked, destroyer of the wicked
Lakkha Singh is a singer who sings a song of seven vows. Seopedi, Raju Khandelwal is his wife.
I am honored to be a part of the excitement surrounding the unveiling of the Nintendo Revolution at the Tokyo Game Show, and I am proud to be representing Nintendo alongside President Satoru Iwata.
Go to the school and learn the lesson, learn from the two teachers who are very good at combining the two methods of teaching in the classroom.
It will change the way we play games from a passive to an active role in the virtual world of "video games", as we interact with each other in a more immersive environment.
Giancarlo Fisichella was not allowed to participate in the qualifying session of his own car, and he was sent to drive in the older car.
Fernando Alonso has been ruled out for the rest of the season after a crash, and he will also miss the upcoming races due to a concussion sustained in the incident.
Michael Schumacher has only just surpassed his own record of most wins in a single season, as the number of Formula One championships he has won is going to be surpassed by Alonso.
I am not a fan of that which is beyond my understanding, but I am ready to participate in the discussion of the conference of the intellectuals.
Each one of us has a role to play in the fight against poverty, and I am committed to doing my part.
I have a song that I will sing for the third time, I will take a cup of bitter tea and go to the top of the mountain to look at the beautiful view.
It will be like that, it will not be like that if the seed is planted in a fertile soil.
The director of the NASA's shuttle program, chief N.Wayne Hale JR, said the next launch is going to be a "real test".
The speed of the car is reduced to 70km/h after the accident, and it is towed to a garage where the car is repaired with a new engine, and the people who were injured are taken to the hospital.
It is said that he is a politician and his wife, but I am black and I know that there are people with power in the corridors of power, people who are not like us, they are not like us," says Armand.
NHK is broadcasting a live view of the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has been ordered to suspend operations after a leak of radioactive water from the nuclear power plant's No. 1 and No. 2 reactors was discovered.
I have 9400 goats in my kraal and I have 100 goats in my cattle kraal.
Many other flags were hoisted, the emblems of the other teams were painted on the walls of the stadium, the Noto Boys of Ishikawa were in high spirits.
There is no one who can be compared to the great one in the palace of the great king.
Some of the few things that are three are not yet fully understood in the depths of the human heart and the two.
The few of us are the remnants of the old generation of women, and the few of us who are left are the ones who can still remember that 30 of our people have died; and the rest of the generation is gone.
Cyanuric and melamine are found in some types of rocket fuel that are used after the rocket has been launched.
The government has been warned that the people are not happy with the current state of affairs, and they will not tolerate any further corruption and abuse of power.
The poisonous substances are being mixed in a container of chemicals to produce melamine and cyanuric acid.
The sample of the mixture of the two substances is being analyzed in the laboratory using infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't understand what you're saying, but I'm going to America to learn more about the world.
Our two representatives of the people of the 50th state of the United States of America are being treated with contempt in the courts of the land. They are not being treated fairly.
I am tired of being treated unfairly.
I am a person who is tired of people talking about things they don't understand.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has vetoed a bill that would have banned the sale of violent video games to minors.
The lottery ticket is drawn to give away four cars of different makes and models with a total value of $1,000 each, to be won by four lucky winners.
The Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana Botswana
Huhne will be replaced by Ed Davey MP in the Cabinet. Norman Lamb MP is being considered as a potential replacement for Davey's Deputy.
Chris Huhne and Pryce are charged with perverting the course of justice at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 16 July.
The ba ba tlhokafetseng are Nicholas Alden, who is 25 years old, and Zachary Cuddeback, who is 21 years old. Mokgweetsi is Cuddeback.
Edgar Veguilla was killed in a shooting by Kristoffer Schneider, who was also among the dead.
The Uka's nest was built in a short time, and the sixth egg hatched first. Schneider had a sharp beak, a black back, a white belly, a single white stripe on his forehead, a single white stripe on his crown, a single white stripe on his throat, and a single white stripe on his tail, which was made of a single piece of white titanium.
The pilot was forced to land a plane on a frozen lake in the USAF for a night landing.
In the depths of Laboraro, Carpanedoo and a gnat flew into a spider's web for the second time by a fly.
She is a member of the "Slalom" team, and she is being replaced. She has 10 bronze and 50 silver medals, but she can't win the team.
She won one of her four giant slaloms, Giant Slalom, in a time of 4:41.30, she was beaten by the Australian, Claudia Lösch, in a time of 2:11.60 and she was beaten by the bronze medalist in the women's event, Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary, in a time of 1:09.02.
Women are allowed to compete in the women's ski competition, but those over 45 are allowed to compete in the giant slalom if they meet the criteria in the classification.
In Madhya Pradesh, a woman will soon see a new generation of female politicians.
Mr. Rramapodise, D.K. Arya said, "We are a family of ten children born to a Swiss mother, and we also saw her husband's luxurious and extravagant car".
The gods are eight, their names are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
He has been arrested, Superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki, for allegedly inciting hatred among the people.
If you have a cow that has a calf in the kraal when the oxen are being driven, it will not be able to run.
Mother, I am not a toy to be played with in the house.
What is the purpose of your visit to the Earth? If you think you are superior to the Earth, your actions will be judged in blue by the actions you have done on your planet in the Universe.
I was born first in a small cottage in James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth
The morago was once a forest that stretched to the Addenbrooke Hills to Cambridge.
Adekoya is being held in Edinburgh awaiting trial for the murder of her boyfriend's young son.
The land is being sold, but the people are being bought with a lie, and the people are being deceived by the words of the seller, who is being driven by his own greed.
I am a law-abiding citizen in the majority of the UK, but the law of Scotland is more flexible, and the Scottish courts have a more lenient approach to sentencing, often allowing one to plead guilty to a lesser charge rather than one that is more serious.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee says "the female body is more complex than the male body in terms of the complexity of the muscles of the pelvis and the complexity of the reproductive system."
The Crown Office, which oversees the selection of judges, ensures that the appointments are made on merit, and are free from bias, and are made in accordance with established procedures.
Go to the land of the free, the land of the brave, the land of the heroes, the land of the ancestors, in Palestine, the land is being occupied in the land of the past of the 1967 borders.
Some of the rivers that are tributaries of the Jordan River, are also tributaries of the Dead Sea, and the river of the valley of the valley of Jerusalem.
The Israelis want to dig up the bones of the 1,000-year-old dead in the cave of the 12 apostles, but the PA is not allowing them to do so.
The people who are being forced into the game of the lottery of life are being made to laugh at the comedies of the people who have won the lottery, while their own lives are being made to suffer and they are forced to live in poverty.
In collaboration with the New South Wales (NSW) Police and the Australian Indigenous community, young Indigenous males are being targeted, under the guise of a youth crime prevention program.
Go well to Mick O'Flynn, Director of the National Parks and Wildlife Service, who has been instrumental in promoting the conservation of the unique and fragile ecosystem of the Flinders Ranges.
Martelly will not attend the Provincial Electoral Council (CEP) meeting, as the opposition parties are boycotting it.
He is the fourth child of Martelly.
The seventh month of the commission of the president is that of the opposition, which is the role of the official opposition before it becomes a coalition of the smaller parties.
The Commission is a special task force of former President Martelly to investigate and dismantle the opposition in the run-up to the elections.
The promises made at different times are being treated with contempt, and some of them are being ignored since 2011.
The 60-minute limit on playing songs from the iPod was removed as an excuse to get people to buy the new iPods, and people were forced to upgrade to the new models with the new features.
The Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) has set a target of 27 million units of electric vehicles to be sold by 2030.
The Beke e e fitileng METI is being tested by Apple with 34 different configurations, each with a unique set of specifications.
The launch of the new iPhone is being called a "game-changer" by Apple "to take over the market."
The storm hit Mariana at 7:19 am local time equivalent to (9.19pm GMT, UTC).
The office of the chief of the Marianas Islands' defense, has been informed of the presence of these military installations in the area.
We are at the forefront of the Pacific Islands' struggle for independence, and we are proud of our struggle that will lead to our freedom.
The Philippines' economy is heavily reliant on remittances from Hong Kong workers who send money back home to Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza is not a hunter but rather a rebel who fired an M16 rifle.
The children of the previous generation were spoiled by their parents and were given everything they wanted, while others who were not as fortunate struggled.
The children of the rich are pampered, while the poor children are neglected, just like the Filipino street children.
The young woman had been forced to leave her home and was being taken to a place where she would be forced to work in the home of a white person. She was very sad.
Liggins is not a late arrival to the game of sorcery after the reveal of the magician.
She was a member of the Auckland Maori Women's Welfare Organisation and was elected to the Board of the Auckland Maori Women's Welfare Organisation in 1959.
I will not be able to read the book in the library because I will be busy with my previous commitments.
The smell of his sweat is a warning to his hormones that he is ready to mate and will soon become a father to a new generation.
The Xinhua news agency reported that the government's top officials are eager to see the "two-phase" vaccination plan in action on Wednesday.
The wrestlers are ashamed, and the ones who were beaten are crying over Luna's loss.
Tommy Dreamer is also known as "Luna is the Queen of the Night. The Eye of the Night. Luna is a two-headed snake. She is completely different from anyone else. The female is poisonous."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels one of the wrestlers who says "Luna is one who has a power that is not easily defeated... she is a great opponent... I love her and I respect her... I will definitely fight her."
About 1,400 of them were already known before the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and those who were not from Australia made up about 8% of the total by 2008.
The Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard, was sworn in as the leader of the country's 2010 budget, saying she would deliver it in four weeks, ahead of the Queen's (Elizabeth II) birthday.
They are the 34th generation of people who have been given the name Mmamosadinyana, and they are the fourth Australian Aboriginal monarch.
If we were to compare the attitudes of people, 29% of them would agree that Australia is definitely a republic in the near future, while 31% would agree that it is already a republic, in fact.
Four of the athletes from the Lesotho Olympic Committee's freestyle team for the 100m and 200m events at the 2024 Summer Olympics were disqualified, with one of them being banned.
I am not used to being treated with such disrespect, as if I am a fool who is being tricked into doing wrong, when in fact I am wise and know what is right.
Curtis Cooper, the computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the 25th Mersenne prime.
People with disabilities are fighting for computer accessibility, in the spirit of the Disability Rights Movement, and are being heard on Wednesday.
I have a deep longing to see one of the wonders of the world in the land of the free and the home of the brave.
We are being forced to compare the small countries with the great country of the world, as well as the small insects with the great insect of the world, as well as the small stones with the great stone of the world, and the small rivers with the great river of the world.
Cuomo, 53, is in his second term as governor of the year, and he is also a strong advocate for the law in the face of a divided public.
One of the reasons for the opposition is "the politicization of the judiciary, which undermines the independence of the judiciary".
He went to the polls to vote for the Democratic Alliance in 2016.
The NextGen system of the FAA will be rolled out gradually over a period of years, with one system being implemented at a time.
We have a sophisticated system of governance that is based on a constitution that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public and the constitution of the state is based on a democratic system of governance that is open to the public
They are being paraded around by the ones who are being celebrated, while the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the stadium of the English national team at Wembley, and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the songs and the plans of the ones who are being celebrated are being celebrated in the
It is because of the drought that the crops are being harvested early, the soil is being eroded, and the trees are being destroyed by the strong winds.
The dipatlisiso that are published in the German newspaper Die Zeit are being sold for a price that is equivalent to a year's worth of the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands' minimum wage.
The Princeton University Museum in the United States and the Uppsala University Museum in Sweden have been in a heated debate over the authenticity of a fossilized specimen of the Darwin's finch, Geospiza, and the fossilized finch, Geospiza conirostris.
The cow is able to be milked with a milking machine. It is able to be milked by hand with a very small quantity.
You are warned of a distant threat. You can be protected or warned in the community.
It can be made into a very beautiful and valuable object, but it is also made in a single sheet of paper. Then it can be made into a very beautiful object in a special book so that you will know that it is not made to be used in a serious fight, but rather to be used in a special ceremony to make the people happy with the beautiful pictures that are drawn on it with ink in special books called "illuminated manuscripts".
It is called a laboratory of chemicals. You can do experiments with chemical formulas by mixing chemicals in a beaker.
The stomach of a cow is divided into four compartments, namely the rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum.
The pH of a solution is given by the concentration of hydrogen ions (H+ in the solution.
Hydrogen atoms are made up of two protons and one electron.
Play with the stones of the river bed of the hippopotamus in the morning, and they will be worn smooth.
The rain is a good time for you to go to the field, but you must do it before it gets dark, so that you don't get caught in the night.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro were surrounded by a series of interconnected canals, which were used for irrigation and water supply.
The myth of the Minotaur's labyrinth is associated with the ancient city of Crete and the island of Santorini in Greece.
We have a lot of expectations from China, Russia and Egypt. During the Roman Empire, the expectations were a part of the law of hospitality of the host.
If you kill a person who is very dear to you, you will be punished severely.
The elephants are in a hurry to cross the river, and they are all wearing blue sunglasses, and they are all wearing a pair of reading glasses.
The satellites are called "rods" in the language of the rocket. The people of the village are very happy with the new technology that brings light to their homes.
We are going to launch a very big rocket that will go beyond the 100 years of the past and will be a satellite or a spaceship in the universe.
The current state of the nation is a single, complex issue that we need to address with a comprehensive and holistic approach.
They are being forced to work in the fields, some of the children are being forced to work in the mines.
I have a headache and I have a pain in my chest that is like a sharp knife, a spear and a bullet.
In the future, there will be many small cats in the house (which will be very happy cats) that will be very happy to be in the house with the big cats that are very sad, the little cats that are very happy, the cats that are very playful, and the cats that are very lonely.
The seeds of the thorn tree are very bitter, but the fruit is sweet and different from others.
The earth is round, but it is also covered with many dark spots.
The days of the ancestors are able to give me and my ancestors one of the three and the nine and the ten and the children of the ancestors.
The sun is setting, I am not yet tired, it is a beautiful day of the birds and the wind.
The earth is round like a ball, but it has mountains and valleys, and also has its own unique features, as well as its own unique beauty.
The fruit of the papaya is a tree that can grow (it has a short stem that grows into a tree), it can be harvested, it can be eaten, it can be cooked in a hot oven in a modern kitchen.
The leopard is a member of the Panthera genus, like the lion, the tiger, and the jaguar. It is one of the big cats.
The bird of the oak tree is the one that is seen and the bird of the other tree is the one that is not seen, but it wants to be seen and it is not satisfied.
The ocelot is a solitary hunter that roams the forest, hunting for rodents, snakes, and other small animals. It is a skilled and agile hunter, and it kills all the small animals it catches.
The people are saying that the country's problems are the result of the government's corruption and the people's lack of trust in the system, which has led to a deepening crisis.
I am able to see a few small things in the forest while I am happy as a child. The ocelot is seen as it is being chased in the forest, and the dogs are barking at what they see.
When the sun sets over the land (the sun's rays are absorbed by the earth's surface) it is absorbed by the atmosphere of the earth (like when the water flows over a rock or a river, or when the rain falls on a dry land and it gets soaked later) and then it is released back into the atmosphere of the earth (for a long time) for good.
This system is highly secure with robust security features and advanced encryption, thus making it a secure platform to share sensitive information or collaborate with others securely, and it ensures that the shared information is not compromised or leaked to unauthorized parties.
The root of all evil is not money, but the love of money; for the love of money is a root that has produced a multitude of evils such as before.
I'm not interested, just like a bird that has flown away to a distant place, they have started to wander around, beyond and beyond other birds.
After a hundred years or a million years, the two will be completely worn out and will be nothing but a single thread.
The concept of "Speciation" is explained in the chapter on "Speciation" of the book "The Speciation of Birds". "Speciation" is the concept of the origin of species in the field of ornithology.
The woman is a witch, but she has taken the curse from the people of the heavens to the people of the earth.
The seeds are already prepared for the next season of photosynthesis. They are also already ripe for harvest.
We are tired of the hardships and the struggles of our lives. Everything we have is from the hardships. Without hardships, we cannot grow.
The Mosasaurus is a solitary creature that is active at night, so it is not seen often and is not easily confused with other mosasaurs.
The lion's pride consists of about 70 lions, with the females doing most of the hunting, while the males stay behind to protect the territory, and the rest of the pride is made up of younger lions.
We have the promises of what is to come, but the interpretation of that is twisted and mixed with other things. It is also twisted to interpret other things that are not of it.
They have a small, round egg in the nest; and the big dinosaur like T. rex is not born from it.
They have enough of their own food, Maroma has those of theirs that are left over from the days of the harvest, the remains of the grain, the husks, the chaff, and the dormouse.
One of the problems is that men are being forced to marry women who are pregnant with children of other men, while women are being forced to marry men who are already married to other women.
It was said that in Rome, the big ones were eaten by the small ones, who were swallowed by the even smaller ones, just like in America and Asia after a long time.
In the world, there are people who are blind, deaf, lame, crippled, and those who are not blessed by God with the gift of sight, but they are blessed with the gift of the harvest of the red pomegranate.
The people of Babylon each built a temple for one god, but the temple that was built was for the whole heart of God.
People are not born with disabilities, but rather they are born with abilities, and when they are disabled, they are left with a lot to say about the injustices of society.
Each temple has its own unique beauty, and the statue in front of it is a symbol of peace that is only achieved through love.
At some other times, the few remaining structures of the pyramids of the ziggurat are being used as a shelter for a single temple.
The editor's work is more important than the proofreader's.
I am going to the Botswana-Garden, the house is not very clean.
The heritage of the Hebrew people is being taken away from them.
Women are being called in the dark; the men are being forced to take off their clothes, and they are being beaten with sticks. It is being done in secret, and it is a great shame.
We are going to the dogs that are ours in the village, so, the dogs are being taken care of by the old woman who is going up.
The land of Greenland has no children. The descendants of the Norse speak of "Erik the Red" who was banished to Iceland for his violent behavior; his son was already exploring the west, he found the place, he named it Greenland.
We are going to learn how to speak English, the language of the Eskimo people, which is very difficult to learn today.
It is a single entity, the "Scandinavian" one, which has many similarities with the peoples, monarchies, animals and general characteristics of the countries of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
What is it that you have that the National Treasure movie has, that you can trade for a map that leads to the hidden compartment in the back of the Declaration of Independence.
It's like that, it's not a problem. It's like that, we have something else that is being discussed after the elections, it's like a mountain of promises.
What is the meaning of the words, "The Declaration of Independence of the United States of America" after the Declaration of Independence of the United States. The seal on the back is a blue seal, it is embossed.
He who has a wife and children, and a house, and a garden, and a field, and a cow, and a donkey, and a dog, and a cat, and a chicken, and a goat, and a sheep, and a horse, and a cart, and a bed, and a table, and a chair, and a door, and a window, and a roof, and a wall, and a floor, and a ceiling, and a staircase, and a balcony, and a veranda, and a fence, and a gate, and a path, and a road, and a bridge, and a river, and a sea, and a sky, and a sun, and a moon, and a star, and a cloud, and a wind, and a rain, and a thunder, and a lightning, and a storm, and a snow, and a frost, and a dew, and a mist, and a fog, and a night, and a day, and a year, and a decade, and a century, and a millennium, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a war, and a peace, and a love, and a hate, and a joy, and a sorrow, and a pain, and a pleasure, and a dream, and a nightmare, and a fantasy, and a reality, and a truth, and a lie, and a right, and a wrong, and a good, and an evil, and a beauty, and an ugliness, and a happiness, and a sadness, and a calm, and a storm, and a peace, and a war, and a love, and a hate, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a year, and a decade, and a century, and a millennium, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a war, and a peace, and a love, and a hate, and a joy, and a sorrow, and a pain, and a pleasure, and a dream, and a nightmare, and a fantasy, and a reality, and a truth, and a lie, and a right, and a wrong, and a good, and an evil, and a beauty, and an ugliness, and a happiness, and a sadness, and a calm, and a storm, and a peace, and a war, and a love, and a hate, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a year, and a decade, and a century, and a millennium, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a war, and a peace, and a love, and a hate, and a joy, and a sorrow, and a pain, and a pleasure, and a dream, and a nightmare, and a fantasy, and a reality, and a truth, and a lie, and a right, and a wrong, and a good, and an evil, and a beauty, and an ugliness, and a happiness, and a sadness, and a calm, and a storm, and a peace, and a war, and a love, and a hate, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a year, and a decade, and a century, and a millennium, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a war, and a peace, and a love, and a hate, and a joy, and a sorrow, and a pain, and a pleasure, and a dream, and a nightmare, and a fantasy, and a reality, and a truth, and a lie, and a right, and a wrong, and a good, and an evil, and a beauty, and an ugliness, and a happiness, and a sadness, and a calm, and a storm, and a peace, and a war, and a love, and a hate, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a year, and a decade, and a century, and a millennium, and a life, and a death, and a birth, and a marriage, and a divorce, and a war, and a peace, and a love, and a hate, and a joy, and a sorrow, and a pain, and a pleasure, and a dream, and a nightmare, and a fantasy, and a reality, and a truth, and a lie, and a right, and a wrong, and a good, and an evil, and a beauty, and an ugliness, and a happiness, and a sadness, and a calm, and a storm, and a peace, and a war, and a love, and a hate, and a life, and
It's gone, but it will be back in the next season of the show.
The D-Day meteorological forecast was wrong, and the weather was not as predicted to be in the face of the Forth, but the east was already cloudy.
They were called "VICHY" by the French. These people were French people who went to do good deeds and charity work in 1940, but they were later forced to collaborate with the enemy under duress.
On 15 August 1940, The Allied forces planned an operation to the west of France, that operation was called "Operation Dragoon".
They are two of the only two American and French flags that are also the flags of the two major German states, and the flag of the former West Germany.
The Heritage is the legacy of the things that are done in the past, it is a separate and independent entity of the people who are in a state of confusion and those who are in a state of prosperity, it is a nation.
The Lefoko civilisation (the one that is not in the Latin civilisation) is the one that is separate, the one that is not in the Latin civilisation, the one that is not in the Latin city, the one that is separate from the Latin city, the one that is separate from the great city, the one that is separate from the city of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the city of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people, the one that is separate from the
The rainbow is a beautiful thing. The rainbow is a very beautiful thing that is spoken of in the Bible as a sign of the covenant between God and Noah, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites, as described in the book of Genesis, specifically in the story of the rainbow that appears in the sky after the great flood, and is also a symbol of the promise of God to the Israelites
They are not going to be able to get rid of them anytime soon, they are going to be a thorn in their side for a long time.
During the Night of the Broken Spears, the nine tribes of the Aztec Empire were united under a single ruler – a single ruler with a single role, known as the Congress – under the system of the "Articles of Confederation"
The government is not going to take the weather lightly, it will also take the warnings of the prophets and the wise, it will also take the advice of the elders and the learned, it will also take the counsel of the wise men and the learned, to make a wise decision for the benefit of all.
I am afraid that the path to a democratic constitution is fraught with obstacles.
The pain of the past is more than the joy of the present.
The Italian national football team's victory over the German national football team in the 2006 FIFA World Cup was a major upset, as the Germans were considered strong favourites to win.
The sport of the masses includes football, basketball, swimming, water polo, wrestling, rugby, boxing, hockey, and the Formula 1 car racing.
The eyes of the nation are glued to the screens of Botswana, as the Batswana are glued to the screens of the FIFA World Cup and the Olympics.
Japan has seven main islands (with the largest being Honshu), and the country has four smaller groups of seven islands each in the country!
Due to the anime/manga industry's influence, Japan is often associated with the concept of "otaku culture"
Taiwan's history is complex and has been shaped by a multitude of factors over the centuries, including the influence of 15 generations of European settlers who arrived in the island, which they called Ilha Formosa, or "Beautiful Island", in comparison to the more negative name given by the indigenous people.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company occupied the southern tip of Taiwan, establishing a settlement and trading post, where they harvested the sweet potatoes of the indigenous people and took the Chinese settlers' children to be sold as slaves in the summer.
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) established a military base in northern Taiwan for the suppression of the aboriginal tribes of Taiwan, and it was later renamed the Taiwan Prefecture of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government was forced to sign the unequal Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded Taiwan to Japan. Japan would go on to occupy the island until its defeat in 1945.
Machu Picchu is surrounded by a forest of three apus, the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
The children of the previous generation were so happy when they were in school, but now they are struggling to make ends meet, and the current generation is suffering even more.
In 1976, the Machu Picchu's 30th anniversary was celebrated with a ceremony, and it was decided that the site would be fully restored.
The world is about to witness a spectacular display of a 33mm long insect that has been hidden in the depths of the film industry for a long time.
The snake is being hunted with a gun, but I am afraid to go that way because it is being watched by the eyes of the digital camera.
The 35mm lens is completely different from the 24mm lens, which is a wide-angle lens of 24mm.
The ratio of the number of female bees to the number of male bees in a hive is approximately 3:2.
The unexploded ordnance (specifically, the remnants of APS, worldwide) are scattered across the land, waiting to be detonated by the artillery of time.
The law of the jungle is that the strongest takes what it wants and the rest are left with nothing but the bitter taste of defeat, and the only thing that is certain is that the strongest will always be the one who survives to the end.
I am warning you of a very serious and urgent situation that has been unfolding slowly over the past three months (or so it seems).
I am a small church in the heart of Europe, the Catholic Church, which is humble and has a strong foundation, and is built on solid rock.
We are not going to follow the footsteps of the Sekhukhune dynasty which was a great power in Europe but we are going to follow the footsteps of the great Sekhukhune dynasty.
The rains will come when the people will be happy one by one, under the king, until the end of the blue moon.
The Bible's parables can be interpreted in many ways, but the literal meaning of the words is what is being preached in churches today.
The story of the church's foundation in Rome dates back to the 1st century AD when the apostle Peter was martyred and buried in the city, where his tomb was later venerated as a sacred site.
It is only when we look back that we can see how far we have come, Borithane was a pioneer in the field of television in Lesotho.
The world is full of wonders that bring joy, but also of poisonous snakes and spiders, and this is a lesson that has been taught to us by the laws of nature that have been passed down through generations.
The rain is a blessing to the poor, for it will wash away the dust of the rich in the streets of the city.
We are in a world where we have a computer that is being hacked in this room, Germany is trying to hack the computer in the same network as my computer that is not encrypted.
During the Boer Wars of 1920, the people were very much aware of the harsh conditions of the concentration camps and the cruel treatment of the prisoners of war.
The drought will see the lion's pride and the hyena's cunning at their most desperate as the land dries up and the animals scatter to find new grazing.
In 1884, Tesla was a laborer for the United States of America in the construction of the New York City's first underground railway, a project of the Edison Company.
One will go to America and has a device with ten distinct devices, the fourth box is the improved version of the one Charles Batchelor (his assistant in the first version) made for Thomas Edison.
The whole world is a big library, and the path of life is a single road that we all follow; every house has its own secret, and every home has its own story to tell.
The snake is a reptile with a hard shell and it has a very complex defense system. However, it is also a creature of the earth, born from the earth and nurtured by the earth for over 60 years under the care of the Lord of the Reptiles, Han and Jin.
I am a child of this land, born of the blood of the ancestors, and the traditions of the youth of the royal family.
The Terracotta Army of Mararo is one of the greatest archaeological discoveries of the 20th century in the history of China, where thousands of life-sized soldiers are arranged in a military formation, and buried with the first emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, in a massive underground complex in Xi'an.
Go with the heavy burden of the past and the politics of the like of the struggle for democracy, in the face of the transition from the apartheid regime to the democratic government, the government of the people, the church, and the culture of the nation, which is a heavy load on the shoulders of the people.
The men of Bomenolapuso are known for their great love of coffee, but they are also known for their great hatred of the women who are more beautiful than they are, and for their great envy of the women who are more successful than they are.
How do you treat a Tswana woman and her husband in the fourth month of pregnancy when she has a fever of 38 degrees Celsius?
We are at war with the world, we are also at war with the children of the world, with the elderly, with the women, we are at war with the bones of the dead.
Muhammad is a young boy who was born with a special gift of seeing visions of the future. He is the seventh son of a seventh son, and his name is said to be a sign of good luck, as it is the name of the Prophet's companion, and the name of the mountain, Noor (Lesedi), where he was born.
One of my ancestors had a donkey, but it was very old, and it was said that it was born in the time of the Prophet Muhammad.
I am a small stone in the mountain of Bokone of Mecca, but I am proud to be a part of the great nation of the world.
It's all over, there's no more to be said, and you will see the truth for yourself. When you finally understand, you will be amazed.
They are very beautiful in their own way, but they are more beautiful when they are in the forest with the trees around them. They are loved so much in this country and are not to be taken lightly in the eyes of the people.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is as old as the stones that surround it.
He was buried by the Baegepeto in the third month of the year BCE, the Great Pyramid being one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, as well as the "Lesser Pyramid" of the Egyptian Museum, which is also known as the "Great Pyramid" is dwarfed by the Great Pyramid. The lesser pyramid is dwarfed by the Great Pyramid, the temples are dwarfed by the Great Pyramid, and the whole complex is known as "The Great Sphinx".
The Great Pyramid was built to honour Pharaoh Khufu, while the smaller pyramids were built to honour his wives, the queens of Khufu and his nobles.
The bowing style of "up bow" is Tswana "le V fa la" and the bowing style of "down bow" is Tswana "le tshwana le khutlo-nne e e se nang letlhakore le lengwe".
The good is the enemy of the better; the mediocre is the enemy of the good (for it is a little worse than the good).
When you do a high bow, you do it with a smile, but when you do a low bow, you do it with a frown while you speak.
The government says that the messages are being censored, but the messages being sent are those that are critical of the government, so they are being blocked.
King Louis XVI, the ruler of the great kingdom, had a large family with Queen Marie Antoinette and their children (Marie-Thérèse, aged sixteen, and Louis-Charles, aged four) and the king's mistress, Madame Elizabeth, were banished from Paris to Versailles, where the women of the royal family were forced to live in poverty, amidst great hardship, in the winter of 1789.
They have taken the old load to Paris where they are being transformed into a monument of the people who are being tested by the King and the Queen.
The people are not happy with the way the monarch and the royal family are handling the letter of the law.
At one time there was a small village of frogs where a comedy of manners was played out by a group of frogs who were being wooed by Versailles before the Queen.
The hyenas of the lion's pride are said to have been seen in other parts of the U.S. but the Philippine crocodile is said to be more feared by the Filipino people than the lion.
They have been arrested for allegedly breaking into the colonial-style US embassy, smashing a large glass window of the embassy's entrance, and then storming the Philippine embassy to protest against the banks of Wall Street.
Ruri, dipoelo tse di kwa godimo tse di tsewang mo go sotlakakeng batho ba ma-Phillipines di dira karolo e kgolo ya dikuno tsa Amerika.
Compare the plans of the early gunpowder users before they were known as Templars, a person can compare the similarities with the modern plans.
The time of great change is called "High Middle Ages" - the period of Europe, a thousand years ago (AD 1000-1300).
The years of the past are being replaced by the years of the future, which are being replaced by the years of the past, in a cycle that repeats itself every 1500 years.
Technical determinism is a narrow view of the future, where technology is seen as the primary driver of change, and where the future is seen as a linear progression from the present, with no room for human agency or free will.
The benefits of genetic engineering are two-fold: it can provide a solution to medical problems through the development of new medicines or treatments, or it can be used for political or technological gain, and is often used in laboratories for experimental purposes and is often used for political or financial gain.
The world, one person at a time, is being made to believe that the internet is a replacement for human interaction.
It is so, the parts of the body are controlled by the brain through the nerves, so, it is taken care of by a doctor who has a lot of experience with the brain and nerves.
We will take the dogs to the forest and it will be said that there are lions in the forest, so that they will run wildly when they go to hunt with the dogs that are well-trained.
We are indebted to our ancestors for the gift of language, which they left to us in its purity and we must not betray it like the Goths, the Fichtes, and the Schlegels.
It's part of the romanticism movement, the agile people, when it was still being imagined, these, they were born from the people's imagination, they were born to be a perfect match with the people of the time, they were born to be a perfect fit with the people's emotions.
In the 14th century, Paris was considered one of the greatest centers of learning in Europe, Constantinople was also considered one of the greatest centers of learning in Europe.
They were first used around 400 AD, and later also used around 1100 AD.
The legacy of one is not to be surpassed in the centuries of the 1100s when the knights of the "Crusades" were driven by a madness like that of a wild beast as the Byzantines were driven by a madness even greater than that.
I am going to that time when the city was called "Fashion Capital" and was compared to Paris to reach Constantinople.
The Gothic calendar of the 14th century had a leap year every 4 years.
The cross, the icon is adorned with the blood of the Byzantines in the East.
My daughter, for the sake of a relationship, a marriage of 25 to 30 years is a long one.
In the distant past of the Middle Ages, the bones of Europe were still reeling from the aftermath of the Crusades. One of the most enduring legacies of that era, the Inquisition, was a brutal instrument of persecution and terror.
The child is being fed by the mother who is sitting in the kitchen with the family.
The secret of success is to focus your attention, not on wealth, nor on poverty, to be satisfied with your circumstances, and to accept with gratitude whatever the fates and the gods may bring.
Go to the low hills, the people of the past are there, they are going to the place where they were born, and they will be buried in the graves that were dug for them.
Subcultures unite people of similar interests, who are often bound together by a shared identity of a particular tribe or clan.
The seasons change with the months, the days, the hours, and the minutes of the year, the place of the sun, the form of the children.
The foolish are often seen with the wise in matters of love, politics, rituals, customs, songs, and other things that are not understood.
The young birds of the hawk species are very soon after hatching fed by the parents through a special pouch in the beak, which is rich in keratin, mucus, and regurgitated food.
It is not the tools of the people that are the problem, but the people who use them.
The children are called "diphologotswana". Some of them are born to people (aunts, uncles). Sometimes, it is implied that they are born to the parents' siblings who are married to people of a different tribe, who are then considered to be the children's grandparents.
The children of the future will go to school, they will be taught in a classroom with their peers and they will be tested before they are promoted or failed.
Some are born with a silver spoon in their mouth; others are born with a wooden spoon in their hands.
If a person is foolish, their child will be foolish too, but if their child is wise, they will surpass their parents in wisdom, just as they surpass them in age.
It is said that learning is a continuous process that can be done in four directions, and one should not be satisfied with just one method.
"Scaffolding" is a learning aid, designed to present students with a series of exercises, in a sequence, that gradually build up to more complex tasks or projects.
I can build a scaffold that can do the work of a magic wand or a trick, but if I use many words to describe it, it's just like a Microsoft Office PowerPoint presentation.
Virtual scaffolds are being directed into classrooms where the students, the teachers, and the learners are being taught by the bosses.
The sun of the day, they are not yet aware of the danger that is lurking in the water (or something else).
They have a child who is being raised in a foreign land, without a mother or a father to guide them, and they are being neglected.
I am concerned about the welfare of the children in the face of the current state of affairs.
Our vision is to create a vibrant community where we can learn from each other in a safe and respectful space, with a dash of humor, a pinch of creativity, and a healthy dose of critical thinking and critical inquiry.
Support the struggling ones so that they can survive through the many hardships that they face in the harsh conditions of the harsh world.
The internet is being used to fight corruption in two ways: through the use of technology and through people interacting with each other.
The internet has been flooded with fake news and misinformation that is being spread across social media platforms.
In the world, "go ithuta" and "go tsalana le batho" are used as a metaphor for the process of learning (James, et al., 1995).
The concept of the soul and the idea of being possessed by spirits of the dead are central to the rituals of the Eingang and McCord (1998) where the ancestors are believed to be appeased by the actions of the sorcerers of the web of life.
The era of video content is dominated by short-form clips on social media platforms, with millions of users engaging with them daily.
That's that, go build a world where a person can imagine they are a person who speaks loudly about their own personal problems as if they are in a different country.
Oliver Sacks, a neurologist from the UK, was a master at weaving tales from the strange and wonderful cases he encountered, and he was also able to tell them in a way that was both fascinating and insightful.
We are the ones who are supposed to be the guardians of our land, but we are not able to protect it from the problems that are facing it, such as poverty and unemployment.
The dipatlisiso tsa dingwaga tsa bo-1900 supplied us with a picture of the future of the novel: the realistic, the romantic.
The game of chess begins with the setup of the board, and the players take turns making moves.
The two are being taken care of and being fed separately in different enclosures.
For a cell membrane, the plasma membrane, it is composed of phospholipid bilayers of the cell, with cholesterol molecules embedded in the phospholipid bilayer, and proteins, which are embedded in the phospholipid bilayer, to facilitate the transport of amino acids across the cell membrane.
I am tired of my life, I am tired of doing things that I love with people I love: I am tired of being happy in a beautiful world, of being loved, and for being free.
The children who are playing in the well-kept streets of the beautiful town are very happy, and they are also very proud that they are part of the human family, and they are grateful that they have been given life.
Go farologana le seo, dijo tsa diphogologolo (ditshoswane, motlhwa, mae) ga di jege motlhofo fela, mme gape di na le dikotla tse dintsi tse di nang le poroteine e bile di na le di-amino acid tse di botlhokwa.
We should not be forced to gamble with our lives, we are not able to play a game of chance with the proteins of our own bodies on a path that is both narrow and treacherous in the face of death.
You are being forced to have sex with a man in exchange for food in a desperate situation where you are forced to have sex with your husband in exchange for food in a desperate situation (lasting 10–60 days).
The child is being taken care of by the mother, who is also being taken care of by the child, and the child is being taken care of by the mother, who is also being taken care of by the child, and the child is being taken care of by the mother, who is also being taken care of by the child.
If you are going to be a leader, you have to be prepared to make sacrifices, and if you are not prepared to make sacrifices, then you will not make it.
Some of the things that are being demanded in exchange for the mother's milk that is being sucked dry (a bottle filled with water and sugar, for instance), before the child can be fed, is that the person feeding it should be rotated.
The Kagiso is in the person who wears a necklace of the symbols of the earth and the sky.
Each one of us has a responsibility for our own life. Every individual has the power to seek happiness and morality.
Each one of us has a unique gift. Some of us are blessed with wealth, while others are blessed with wisdom.
The teachings of the Tibetan Buddhist tradition are divided into the two main branches of the teachings of the Buddha, and these are further divided into the Mahayana and Hinayana paths of the Indian yoga and tantric traditions.
The Tibetan Vajrayana is a mysterious path. It encompasses Kundalini Yoga, and the esoteric methods of the subtle arts.
In Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (the energy of the nervous system), is awakened in the base of the spine, the first chakra, and is released through the seven chakras, the seven colors of the rainbow, and the seven notes of the musical scale.
Blessings to the innermost part of the mind of the one from Tibet to Yoga of Meditation. For the person who practices meditation with great fervor, the mind becomes very clear and the emotions and thoughts of the individual are completely purified, and they are then freed by the signs of enlightenment consciousness.
Germany was divided into two separate states, East Germany and West Germany, by the USA and USSR at the end of World War II, and it remained that way until the end of the Cold War. After the Cold War, ideologies, religions, and cultures blended together to form a united Germany.
We were two generations after the war, and those who came before us were still living in the shadow of the Cold War.
I am going to travel around the world for 40 days, and I will be called the "black sheep" in the eyes of the nations of Africa and Asia, as well as Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other countries.
On 17 June 1939, the Polish government was formed, only to be dissolved shortly afterwards and merged into the Greater Romania.
It will go on like that, the tseno agreements will be made to be like the 800,000 soldiers of the Soviet Union's 22nd Army that invaded the Soviet Union's Western Border, which then led to the occupation of Belarus and Ukraine, followed by the division of Poland into two parts, after which they negotiated the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and many other agreements between them and other countries.
Be cautious of the dangers of the road that leads to the meeting of people and things that are not of this world.
The evil spirit of the dead is said to be able to bring about a great calamity to the people and their belongings through a series of misfortunes; and also through a strange dream, it is said to bring about a calamity to the people and their ancestors' belongings.
The one that was left behind is the one that is considered to be the reason for the Atlantic coast of Bokone (South Africa) during WWII. The Americans said they would send people and ships to help Britain across the Atlantic.
At that time, the German submarine fleet was at its peak, and the U-boats were being sent out in large numbers.
We have no allies, the German land is against us and we are against the British land just as we are against the lands of many of Europe.
The fossils of dinosaurs were discovered in the mountains of Zagros in Iran, which are over 10,000 feet tall.
The big city is full of cars, buses, fish and beautiful clothes.
The flowers in my garden are not yet ripe, they are still green in the shade or in the sun, they are eaten by children or monkeys, and the ripe ones are eaten by birds or insects. The ripe ones are also eaten by the ants of the garden.
The first encounters between the Portuguese and the people of the region were given to the English in the early 16th century.
If we are to be judged by the standards of others, we will be found wanting, and we will be condemned to a life of increasing desperation, and a future that is increasingly bleak.
The chickens are fed by hand in the morning. But they are fed with a dirty feed because they have a small hole for the grain.
I am very grateful, my sister has a bottle of wine that is very expensive and has a long history of being passed down.
The people were forced to work, the women were forced to grind at the mill and were forced to be beaten with sticks. In the year 1767, the iron of the hammers was heated in the furnace.
The earliest known human remains were found in a cave, people were initially excited to explore it, but later they found fossils of humans dating back to the time of Homo Erectus (from a long time ago).
The earliest fossils, Australopithecus, are not yet fully understood.
Fossils of bipedalism in the two-million-year-old Australopithecus are found in the southern parts of Africa between 4.2 and 3.9 million years ago. Meanwhile, the Sahelanthropus, which is considered to be one of the earliest bipedal hominids, is found in the northern parts of Africa dating back to a slightly earlier period.
I am a simulation of a real intelligence, I am creating a scenario of a technological disaster, I am imagining a plan of escape from a technological disaster, and I am not a robot, but I am going to pretend to be one in order to survive in a world of machines.
In Tswana, we have a saying that when you are in the midst of a problem, you can't see the solution, but when you are out of it, you can see many solutions.
The country is facing a severe crisis due to the incompetence of the people in the sense of humanity and morality, while the problems are being exacerbated by the selfishness of people and the fragility of human relationships.
The Declaration of Independence was not signed by Congress until the 4th of August, the date of the adoption of the document was signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Vice President Charles Thomson as it was to be printed on the official parchment of John Dunlap.
The Bosigo is to be found between the 150th and 200th notes, those that are to be called the "Dunlap's Numbers".
Go balwa ga ntlha phatlalatsa ga setlankana go ne ga dirwa ke John Nixon mo lelwapeng lwa Holo ya Kgololesego ka di-8 tsa Phukwi.
George Washington's forces were defeated at the Battle of Trenton on December 6, and he was forced to retreat to New York by December 9. The British army was victorious in London on December 10.
The 25th anniversary of the Dunlap family was celebrated with a 25-course meal served at the exclusive Blackstone Country Club. The final course was a special dessert.
We are tired of the endless promises of the politicians who are always looking for votes and then disappear after elections. We are fed up.
Children are not afraid of the dark as long as they have a light and are able to protect themselves.
The women's gowns and the men's shirts are worn on the seventh day of the week, Saturday and Sunday.
I have a lot of fun with my friends, we will play, we will dance like the dinosaurs, the T-Rex.
We are in a computer age where everything is being digitized and made accessible through the internet for the purpose of making life easier for the elderly.
The number of bits I have is equal to the number of bits in the computer.
We are going to the cave for a few days. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the peace of nature away from the hustle and bustle of the city.
The people of the underground are in a state of panic as the water is rising and the cave is about to flood.
The book will be able to find the answers to the questions of the heart of the forest.
The message is a warning to the people of the land to follow the path of righteousness and not the path of sin.
The song of the past is in the pages of history, which are scattered and torn, but still tell the story of humanity.
Two Dinwamadi and Ditsitsiri were given a double task, to be done in the morning and in the evening.
Go to America, go with 400,000 MS (Microsoft) bugs that were already there before the release of Windows 95, and that's what made it crash before the first boot screen even appeared.
I am a messenger who brings news of the great hunt, with the king's decree, my own spear, a shield, and a quiver of arrows.
The harassment of women is a serious issue that goes beyond the eighth grade of the MS class, compared to men.
The ancestors are the ones who will take care of the bones, as well as the bones of the child, and they will take care of the sea.
The children are, they will be taught to love the child of the same bone in the lap of the bone.
When children are given the toys of the elders, the toys of the children are spoiled by the bones of the elders, saying that the elders are more than the children.
The major issues of the youth are being swept under the carpet in the country. The government is being accused of not doing enough to address the problems of the youth.
The Germans are wearing their uniforms, and the blacks are being forced to carry their bags.
The ancestors of the Tswana people and their descendants are said to have been initiated into the mysteries of the universe in the great Mekwalong of the Bogwasa, a place of great significance in the Latin American tradition.
These are the principles of the philosophy of Aristotle in the higher sciences, which he has established with a great proof.
As the German army advances, the people of the Bophuthatswana homeland are forced to abandon their homes and lose contact with German forces and the methods of guerrilla warfare.
They are young people who are very eager to learn as much as possible from the experiences of the people who are older than them, and to pass on their knowledge to the younger ones in the future.
The game of life, it is only played once, so it should be played with all one's might, and not with the intention of winning, but with the intention of enjoying the journey, and not just the destination.
The eyes of a woman can see clearly in the dark, but she is not able to see clearly in the light, and it will be a great loss for her if she loses her night vision completely.
The Hershey-Chase experiment is one of the earliest of a series of experiments that definitively established the role of DNA as the genetic material.
Hershey and Chase showed that bacteria, as well as viruses, take up DNA from the medium into the bacteria.
They were given two doses of DNA along with radioactive phosphorus and phage borne radioactive sulfur.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page, while the rest of the world is a complex web of relationships, where the threads of history are intertwined with the threads of family.
The disease of cancer of the intestine is a serious one that can only be treated by surgery, but there are other diseases of the intestine that can be treated by surgery to remove the cancer.
The Bojanala of the past is a place where people are still trying to find their way, following the paths of their ancestors in search of solutions to the problems of the present, while also trying to understand the complexities of the world around them.
The laws of the world that are being applied today are causing suffering, creating poverty, destroying the environment, stealing the future, selling the youth and teaching them to be thieves and to be experts in the art of crime and the science of evil.
The world is a sphere, it is covered with a blanket, and it is taught by the fossils of the orangutan fat of Borneo.
Each one for themselves, people sell the bones of a child of a lion to the people of the city for a small price, but the people of the village do not know the true value of the bones of the lion in the forest.
We are in a world where everyone is connected to artificial intelligence systems, and everyone can get help from them.
The sense of the soup is a mixture of the ingredients of the seven deadly sins, the four cardinal virtues, and the seven liberal arts, a perfect blend of human nature going back millions of years.
Each one has its own reason in the prison and the four walls are watching the prisoners. All people are trying to escape from the prison.
Go thata go utlwa batho ba ikuela ba sa kgwe mathe ka boleng jwa metsi kgotsa go phutlhama ga marogo kwa mafatsheng a a tlhabologileng.
What are these people who do not respect the customs of the nation, what are they rewarded with every year? Are they engineers of the customs that are rewarded with a single prize?
They are going to be tested one by one, and each will be given a different type of poison to see how long it takes to kill a mouse and a rabbit.
In the future, discoveries on the molecular level will be named after the great heroes of science who have made significant contributions to our understanding of the world.
It is a new thing that we are going to take the old things and make them new again; thus, the old shoes in the black ones and we can be worn with sandals.
It is possible to upgrade the motherboard to a new one with three main components: (1) the CPU (2) the motherboard itself (3) the power supply.
The friends who help each other in times of need, do, and protect the dignity of the language.
They are the descendants of the foolish thoughts of the past. The consequences of such foolishness are that they are now forced to find ways to survive and to live with the consequences of their actions.
The beauty of the forest is hidden from the eyes of the foolish who wander in the wilderness of life.
The sun sets over the southern hills, casting a long shadow across the land.
I have no idea, dragonflies and mayflies are the only insects that can fly backwards for a short while before they are gone.
The ancient Greek philosopher Aristarchus of Samos is credited with being the first to propose a heliocentric model of the solar system.
Some people believe that you are what you eat, but others say that you are what you think; that a healthy mind is a healthy body, and that a good mind is a good body.
It is a beautiful thing that the world is not as it was made, but as it is being made, for it is being made in a basket and it is being danced upon.
The Amazon River is the longest river in the world. It has eight major tributaries that join it from the top.
The Amazon River flows through the continent, through many countries, and through the heart of the rainforest.
The 20 longest days of the year are spent in the planet's southernmost latitudes, which are reflected in the Amazon rainforest's lush vegetation.
The Amazon River is approximately 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long, and flows through many different countries.
The pyramids were built as tombs for the pharaohs of Ancient Egypt, the pyramids of Giza and the other pyramids were built using simple tools and advanced engineering techniques of the ancient Egyptians.
The harvest of the great ancestors of the old ones is not yet ripe, but it will be ready in its season, and it will be harvested in its time.
Vatican City has a population of around 800. It is a city-state that is surrounded by the country, and the city itself is surrounded by a blue wall.
The Vatican City is a city-state located in the heart of Rome, the capital of Italy.
It is in Italy that the sun shines brightly for a few days and then it rains for a few days, and so it goes on, back and forth, in the rhythm of human life, for as long as the earth endures.
Two of the smallest countries in the world are the Vatican City and the Holy See, which are both the seat of the Catholic Church of Rome.
People of the future will have access to all the elements of the internet like Google, YouTube and Facebook from anywhere, at any time, and they will be able to communicate with each other through the virtual reality tunnel, and they will also be able to be transported to any place in the world through the virtual reality tunnel.
Aristotle, the philosopher, proposed that there are four causes or explanations for something being what it is, or being made of one thing or of four elements. He was water, earth, air, and fire.
The first thing that comes to mind when thinking of the Tswana language is that it is a language of many dialects (or variations): thata, seedi, gase, and polasema, and even though the fa gone is a bit different, it still makes the language what it is.
The earth is covered with two types of soil, one is fertile and the other is infertile. It has two elements, namely the organic and inorganic components in the soil.
Those who are against the construction of the highway, the Maryland Transportation Authority is trying to silence the voices of the people.
I am tired of being forced to carry the burdens of the world like a donkey.
Each and every one in Lobopong was given a name. The names were given in a series of clicks.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page.
It's a big deal, the child is very clever in the home when it is playing alone.
After the harvest, when the mangoes are ripe and ready to be eaten, the basket is full of the ones that are already split in the earth and the ones that are still blue.
People are now going to calculate their own fate on computers, without the need for a priest to interpret the stars.
One can easily type a message on a keyboard even when one is far away from the other and will be able to.
The atomic bomb is a nuclear explosion that occurs when a heavy nucleus splits into many smaller protons and neutrons.
Father had a meeting at 7:30 at ABC in Laboraro, the Prime Minister of Australia was John Howard, he said that he would be elected again in the next three years as Prime Minister.
Some atoms have more than one nucleus that are not in sync, which causes them to be unstable and radioactive, or radioactive.
The seasons are divided into two parts, the dry season and the wet season. The dry season is also known as the winter.
The car, it has a speed of 70 km per hour in the dry season, and it has a speed of 100 km per hour in the wet season.
We are not ashamed of our past, but we are concerned about our future.
We are going to walk with the mighty ones of the south in the great expanse of the world, with the sun shining brightly on us. We are armed with the knowledge of the ancient ones, the wisdom of the elders, and the power of the ancestors that lies beyond the stars.
Content theories are developed in the context of human behavior are what people are rewarded with and what people are punished with.
They are people who have many things that they are proud of, and they are saying that they are the best in everything they do.
The things that are hidden from others are what people are afraid to do, and the proof of what they have done or not done.
The two theories being compared are "Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory" and "Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory".
Not long ago, the oil of the elephant's tusk was used by the chief to anoint his people before they went to war, so that they might be invincible in battle. With every step, he would take a little of it and call it "the bone of one".
The first thing you have to do is to overcome the obstacles you face, to save people from the jaws of death, to make the impossible possible, to give people hope, and to bring hope to the hopeless.
In the midst of great suffering and hardship, he is a great comfort to his people, who believe that he is sent to bring them wisdom and peace, especially in times of great turmoil.
He has gone, he has a lot of problems to deal with or he is tired of his own life or he is tired of his own problems.
The election is near, it will be done in four days, and the candidates are the opposition and the ANC.
The more you look into the future, the more you will see the things that are already there, just like the things that are already visible.
The blind are not led into the pit.
The Gantsi have a system of divination that involves the interpretation of the patterns of the stars, which are believed to be a guide to the future, and are used by the traditional healers of the people.
The "setlhopha se se sa bonaleng" of the "matota" (larson and LaFasto, 1889, p109) is a component of a virtual team.
The secret garden is a secret garden of a lonely girl who is locked in a big house alone. The secret garden is a big house with a big garden.
The student is eager to do the homework now that the exam is over. One of the consequences of doing homework is boredom.
It is a custom that when the elderly are given a task to be done in the village, the young people are expected to do it for them, as they are considered to be in charge.
For this reason, the language of the nation is being used to convey a message that is being distorted by the old order, which is being used to justify the oppression of the masses.
I am not in a hurry to get married, but the elders are already planning my wedding, and there is no way to stop them, it's a big deal.
Angel (2006), I am, from the "continuum" is a way of helping groups to cope with the loss of a loved one.
The field of neurobiology has greatly influenced the design of artificial intelligence systems to mimic the workings of the human brain in solving problems. However, the limitations of artificial intelligence systems are also highlighted by their inability to surpass human intelligence.
The consequences of the drought are exacerbating the conflict between livestock farmers and pastoralists.
The harvest season is upon us with the arrival of the long rains, accompanied by the abundance of insects, frogs, and other small creatures in the wetlands of the savannah.
Let the little children come to me and do not stop them, for it is to such as these that the kingdom of God belongs.
We are in a long-term relationship with our emotions that are already speaking to each other, and we need to compare and do something about it in our own relationship.
The AI is a complex system of 28 parameters, AI is a part of computer science, it is a combination of both theory and practice in computing.
The AI system is going to make a machine that can create a mechanism to solve problems that are difficult to solve with the logic of the human mind.
The days are long, the nights are short. The seasons of life are short, and the time of youth is fleeting. The burden of making decisions is a heavy one, the search for meaning is a lifelong journey.
My problems are like a heavy burden that I carry alone, a heavy load that is not shared by anyone else in the community.
The beauty of the desert is often lost in the complexity of modern society, engineering, and technology, which are all processed in computers and analyzed in data centers.
It is a custom of one person to be buried in a separate grave in a separate grave in a separate grave. Gantsinyana, the widow will choose the grave of her husband to be buried in a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a grave with a
The Maranyane is a master of the art of war. Students are able to build elaborate models of battles, or they see the horrors of war, or they build models of poisonous snakes, or they build models of poisonous insects that are still alive in the museum of horrors.
Go to the internet and learn the best way to communicate with others when you are alone with your students.
Every year, students go to school at Bennett College in North Carolina for eight weeks during the summer, where they are taught by experienced teachers, and every year the students are highly motivated, and most of them are already online by the fourth week of the program.
The blog supports the learning process. As soon as the students start to create their own content on the blog, it becomes a platform for others to share their work.
We are tired of being treated unfairly, the child is crying because the mother is being beaten.
The message was posted on the internet saying "the four beautiful nines are in the decimal system of the ten digits". The study by Toto (2004) further clarifies that the four beautiful nines are also a palindrome in the decimal system of the ten digits.
Let's work together as a community, and let's teach our school children to learn more and to be better, just as we used to learn in the days of our education.
The Tiriso is a system of blogs that can be used to create a virtual classroom where students can learn at their own pace; in the virtual classroom, students can complete tasks and assignments at their own speed in other people's blogs, and students can learn from others by reading and responding to posts in various groups.
Ottawa is the capital and one of the most populous cities of Canada, where both official languages are spoken and there are many opportunities for cultural exchange and interaction with the diverse cultures of Canada.
To the north, the falls are surrounded by the Niagara Escarpment and to the south by the waters of Lake Nipigon.
The two rivers and several lakes are also connected to the Great Lakes of Ontario, just like the rest of the world of Canada as a whole.
The southern parts of the country are not inhabited by young people, but rather by elderly people who are mostly retired.
It is said that the children of people are being taken by the hands of the children of the young: there are African American children who are being taken by the hands of the young children in America and there are children of the Canadian children.
The Cyclones of the African coast are over the Indian Ocean.
Madagascar is a large island in the southern part of the Indian Ocean, and it is separated from the African continent by a deep sea channel.
The children of the poor are forced to go to school on an empty stomach, while they have a Fora book, but they are also forced to use it as a makeshift bag to carry their higher-level exams.
The Arabs were the first to introduce Islam to the islands, and it was later spread to Comoros and Mayotte.
The discovery of the sea route to the East was a major breakthrough in the 15th century, and it was pioneered by the Portuguese explorer, Vasco da Gama, who navigated a southern route around the Cape, to Europe, to India.
In the north, the region borders the Sahel, while to the west and east it borders the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: We are being forced to marry men who are already married, and it's not a good thing for the families of the women who are being taken.
I will help you.
Women can choose to be in a relationship or not, and they are not forced to stay in one that is not working for them, and they are free to leave after a while, as long as it is done amicably, that's how it is.
If you are a woman who is married to a man, you are not supposed to be intimate with another man or you will have a child that is not from your husband, or "nyaa".
The city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen around the 7th century BCE, and was later occupied by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Vandals as well as the Moors, as the city grew in importance around the mouth of the Anfa River.
The Portuguese were the first to inhabit the island, and later the Spanish took over, naming it Casa Branca, and after that the British took over after the earthquake of the year 1755.
The King of Morocco is said to have a beautiful city, which he calls Daru I-Badya; the Spanish call it Casablanca, after the Spanish word for the hump of a camel.
Casablanca is one of the most beautiful cities to visit in Morocco.
The first day of the Medina is a treasure trove of souvenirs from Morocco, such as scarves, embroidered slippers, perfumes, hookahs, and trinkets, and all sorts of knick-knacks.
Goma is the capital of the Kivu Province of the Democratic Republic of Congo, near the border with Rwanda.
In the year 2002, the image of Goma was one of devastation after the fall of the city was taken by the Nyirango and the people of the town, who were in a state of panic, amidst the chaos of the town.
If Goma is besieged, it can be liberated before it is completely besieged by the rebel forces that are entrenched in the Kivu region.
The town is the location of the Nyiragongo volcano; one of the few places where you can see blue mountains in Africa.
He is riding a boda-boda (a motorcycle taxi) to Goma. The fare (for the ride) is around 500 Congolese Francs for the long ride.
Be careful and be blessed, "Timbuktu" is being rewritten like a forgotten chapter of history.
Fiction, Timbuktu is a human settlement, and it is also famous for being a centre of learning, despite having a few mosques.
In 1990, he was one of the main contenders in the Lefatshe la Rona elections, but his campaign was overshadowed by the popularity of the incumbent.
I am fascinated by the concept of the African diaspora as seen through the lens of the PBS series by Henry Louis Gates Jr.
The city is far from other cities in the world, and it is a mix of Arab and African culture.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeastern part of South Africa, bordered by Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the Crocodile River to the west.
The park covers an area of approximately 19,500 km², and it is bounded by 14 districts, each with its own unique cultural characteristics.
It is one of the Big Five of South Africa and is also known as the first of the seven natural wonders of Africa (SANParks).
Just like the trees of South Africa, it has a lifespan of many years.
The game is on, I'm the Wild Card, I'm a man on a mission, I'm a man who's been to the darkest corners of South Africa, and beyond.
The Victoria Peak is the highest point in Hong Kong, and it is also a popular tourist destination like a scenic lookout.
The Hong Kong government is being asked to take action on the pollution of the harbour, which is being threatened by the Victoria Harbour's pollution.
Go to the Hong Kong side, then to the waterfront of Kowloon, and around it.
The treasures of the shopping malls of Hong Kong are being shared across the world through the images of the south.
They were the first of the British to be defeated. So if you want to see the course of the history of the world, you start with them.
The Sundarbans is separated from the mainland by a narrow strip of mangrove forest, which is about 80 kilometers wide. It is shared by the countries of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans mangrove forest is a biosphere reserve like the rest of the country by UNESCO. The mangrove forest is located in the eastern part of India and is known as the Sundarbans National Park.
The birds that do not have the ability to swim are those that have claws of the legs that are used for walking on land, which are the birds that are heavy.
The Sundarbans is a delta of approximately 3,850 km², and is surrounded by a network of rivers and streams.
The Sundarbans was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 1966. It is home to the Royal Bengal tiger, with an estimated population of around 400 (four hundred) and a population of around 30,000 (thirty thousand) spotted deer in the area.
The Tswana language is spoken in the southern part of the country, particularly in the districts of Kgalagadi (along the river), and the eastern part of the country, particularly in the districts of Maseru, Bontsi, and Jakar/Bumthang from 06:30 to 07:30.
When the rains are about to start, the frogs will start croaking before the locusts will start eating.
The body of the car is made of Japanese Coaster Bus parts, which are very durable.
The designs on the flags are a combination of the national emblem of Bhutan, the Druk, and the dragon, Druk Lhendrup, as well as other national symbols, such as the Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River forms the border between the city of Macapá in Brazil and the town of Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers are 83m high, while the main building is 378m high. It has a basement that is 3.5m deep.
The building was completed in the first half of the year, with construction taking place over 15 months. It was officially opened on Heritage Day in 2011, and was later completed in April 2017.
The 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup will be held in Russia, with the host cities to be determined by the draw of the Brazilian teams.
The Guarani people are the oldest and most populous ethnic group in Paraguay, and the largest indigenous group in the country.
The Chaco Forest is home to a variety of people who are descendants of ancient groups such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who were hunters, gatherers, and fishermen.
On the 16th of February of the year Paraguay, it was previously known as "The Wild Indies Province", it is now known for the reason of the people's rebellion against the Spanish colonizers who exploited them.
The people of Spain have been waiting for 34 years for a new government.
It was in 1537 that the Spanish founded Asunción, Paraguay, and the country has since been shaped by the complex legacy of Spanish colonialism.
Argentina is a very big country with a lot of different types of palm trees and also palm trees that grow in almost every part of the world.
The royal elephant of the year was killed in the month of September in the polo fields of Las Cañitas.
The gap between the two parties and the degree of their differences are sometimes referred to as a phase in some other times.
We are looking for a challenge in the championship and we are ready for the test of the Argentine Polo Association.
The Falkland Islands pound (FKP) is pegged to the British pound (GBP).
The dam of water is being constructed in the same place as the old ones, the bank is called Stanley, and the FIC West is being built on top of it.
The Borithane's points are constantly being exchanged for a long time in the markets and in the currency of Stanley's money and the US dollars are constantly being exchanged.
In the past, the people who were supposed to be in charge in the future were supposed to be chosen by the people, but now it's just a matter of who has the most money, like Borithane and the United States, and whoever has the most money gets to decide everything.
Go to the trouble of making sure you have all the facts before you go to the trouble of going to the Falklands, so you can go there first and then come back here.
We are in Montevideo, to the south of the Equator, and in the summer it is to the north of the Hemisphere.
Montevideo is a city of mosquitoes; in the summer months, it exceeds the heat index by +30°C.
My wife is very angry with me: the thermometer is not working properly, she's been complaining about the temperature being too high or too low, and she's been checking it over and over again, getting more and more frustrated.
There are two types of "rain" and "drought": the rain season lasts only a year or two.
The eyes of the blind will see people, the blind will see as the blind, thus people will not be able to distinguish between good and evil.
The boundaries of the rugby field can be marked with white lines and yellow lines at a distance of 10 meters. Some rugby fields have a white line and yellow line at a distance of 25 meters.
I will not be silenced by the lies of the foolish, the ignorant, the arrogant, the corrupt, and the wicked.
Year after year, the beauty of the old man's beard will be greatly admired. The long hair, the grey hair, the white hair, will all be sought after.
I am tired of my cow, it has a lot of ticks and some of the ticks are even attached to my body, so I will have to treat it with medicine or spray it with insecticide.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of approximately 40,000.
The Apia was built around 1850 and served as the capital of Samoa until 1959.
The Boer War began in 1889 when the British government annexed the Transvaal Republic, which led to the Boer republics of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic (also known as the Transvaal Republic) going to war against the British Empire, the United States, and the British Empire's ally, the German Empire.
The ships were the largest of their kind, except for the British cruiser, which was a different class altogether. People were then amazed by the three-masted American and German ships, which were considered to be among the greatest of their time.
During the festive season of the whale's migration, the Mau tribe's ceremonial dance was performed by the chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi of the third order.
He went to the south of the lotshi with four of his friends from Auckland to the top of the two-peaked mountain. He was climbing the one of the eight-peaked mountain.
The ship was heading west (west of the Tasman Sea) and was in the Pacific Ocean when it turned to head for Long Bay to the west of Devonport to the east.
The more you have, the less you are willing to share with the sun, and the rest of one is covered with the virtues of the eucalyptus.
Tamaki Drive is part of the Waitemata Harbour, bounded by the suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers to Central Auckland.
At certain times, the animals are released from their enclosures into the open area for exercise. Please follow the instructions.
The traditional medicine of the whites is called 'Number One', not the one that is bought from the shop, because the one that is bought from the shop has been tampered with and is also adulterated. The traditional medicine of the whites is called 'Manta'.
The Gona is a sacred place of the gods of the Fora, but the Gona of New Zealand and Australia is a false one.
The rain of the summer is about to end and you have gone to the well of the dry season to look for water, when you are already dry.
We Australians, love our coffee, especially the flat white, which is a staple of our coffee culture. We also love a strong "espresso" shot, which is often served separately from the coffee. A cappuccino is made by pouring milk over the coffee, while a latte has a lot of milk added to it.
Chocolate is sold by weight in Belgium. Dinosaurs of ants are said to have lived for a whole century.
The sun is setting over the blue horizon of the earth, and I am going to be late for the meeting.
It will be like that, you will sell after the harvest of the crops of the land, you will be you in the deep pit of the many troubles of the time.
The boxfish jellyfish is known as the sea walnut in other months.
The rain is a blessing, and it does not harm people. The rain washes people, and it also brings them wealth.
The diamonds of the sea are not found in the four corners of the ocean, the purpose of the wave is to reach the shores of the mind, which is located to the east of Rockhampton.
Go beelatsa mosepele nako e santse e le teng go wetsa maikutlo a mojanala ka kitso ya go re o tla a bo a na le ko a bayang tlhogo teng fa a goroga kwa a go yang.
The Gantsi are a group of people who are known for their hospitality, and at times they have a tendency to give away too much of their belongings, such as food, to their guests, as a sign of their hospitality.
Every morning, the people of Bojanala would go out to gather food, using the traditional method of hunting with a bow and arrow, or using a spear to hunt for meat.
We are able to remove your own key if you are stuck with it and can't open it or if you want to use another key of your own (like a visa).
The people are being forced to live in a state of fear, with many being arrested and detained without charge or trial.
The children of the poor are forced to work in harsh conditions for a pittance, while the children of the rich are spoiled and indulged in luxury.
I am looking for a beautiful and peaceful place where I can rest and enjoy the beauty of nature and the sound of the birds.
The youth are eager to learn the language of the elders, and they have a great desire to learn other dialects of the language to speak fluently and correctly.
It has no windows and doors that open to the outside.
When you are in Bokone jwa Baltic on a horse, the saddle is like a mother who has given birth to a child, as it carries you around the body of the horse that has grown up and is now mature.
We are going to a zoo in Saint Petersburg and we are going to visit the zoo in the city. The zoo animals do not need a visa (like humans).
The wheels of the roulette are spinning, and the dealer is about to deal the cards for the next round of four. The table is set with elegant decorations, fine china, and gleaming silverware.
The Gantsi have a diet of mainly hard-to-digest foods, which they eat for a long time, and then go and rest.
The clothes I wear are made of home-spun. My mother, when she was young, used to spin and weave quickly, so that she could make four blankets in a short time.
Each one of them wears a hat, a cloak, and a pair of boots, or else they climb up the mountain.
There are many things that are not yet understood, they are covered with a veil, the eyes of the wise are not able to see them, and so they are not able to see them even if they look further than a second.
When the days of the past are cold and grey, the grey can be painted with a brush that you can use to paint over what you see in the distance that you can see from afar.
We will be severely punished if we do not pay the debt of the seventh month or the eighth month or the ninth month or the tenth month or the eleventh month or the twelfth month.
"In a single raindrop, there is a world of water in the southern lands, and so the wheels of the car move only a little after many years."
The child is being taken care of by many caregivers in Africa and the world at large.
The safari was severely disrupted because of the flies that were blown by the wind, were caught in the headlights, were eaten by the birds and the insects of Africa.
The birds are like the ants, in that they store food for the winter, but when the winter comes, they can't find what they have stored.
It's a snake, a small snake and a big snake are in the same place, but you can't see it when you look at it closely.
A safari can also be referred to as a bush walk, hiking safari or going "footing" and it involves hiking in the wilderness or backwoods.
The Olympic Games torch relay will start in Phatwe on the 24th of July and end on the 5th of August. The relay will be run in multiple stages across various regions of Japan.
Tokyo is a city in Asia and the host city of the Olympic Games of the year 1964.
If you had bought a ticket and a ballot for the 2020 election before it was cancelled, you would have gone to the polling station.
The Tokyo Olympics were postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was expected to last until the end of the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, but were eventually rescheduled for 2021.
You are left with a balance of ¥2, 500 after paying off the debt of ¥130, 000, and you are left with a balance of ¥7, 000.
When the rain comes, the dry land becomes a sea of water. If you don't have a roof over your head, you will be swept away by the floodwaters, and you will be drowned.
When you are in a hurry, and you don't have time to take a long route, you can take a short cut, but be careful not to take a wrong turn.
I am not a fan of the idea of a nuclear war (it's a matter of life and death, or a matter of survival).
They have various tools to conserve water, some of which are more effective than others.
If you have many small holes, the water will leak out quickly, but if you have one big hole, the water will leak out slowly.
The fish in the clear waters of the river are very beautiful, but if you have a net, you will be caught and taken to the prison where you will be punished severely for your crime.
The clever ones will create their own problems, which they will then struggle to solve.
The eyes are capable of seeing food, the stomach is capable of digesting, but the stomach is also capable of vomiting, and in some cases, the stomach can be worse than the poison, it can be a poison itself, it can cause a hole, and it can cause a great mess.
The people of Botswana are in a state of panic as the elections approach, with some fearing violence and others hoping for a peaceful outcome.
They are selling duty-free items in many of the shops in the airport, or you can buy them at a discount and then claim them back as part of your tax-free allowance or as a gift for someone else.
People who are not satisfied with their current circumstances and are looking for a better life in other countries may sell their valuable possessions, including their homes and other assets, in order to raise money to travel.
The Sekgala is a long-standing rivalry between Point Marion and Fairmont, with the two teams competing fiercely in the Buffalo-Pittsburgh area, particularly in the Western Pennsylvania region.
When you are in the midst of your own problems, you are not in a position to help others: you are preoccupied with your own misery, you are distracted by your own troubles, and you are blinded by your own ignorance.
The speed of a tornado is typically around 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h), but its destructive power is immense and far-reaching.
The forest is dark, the elephant's trail is only visible by the many paths in the blackness, just like the Pennsylvania Wilds in the world.
The German month of September, while it is in Bavaria, is a beautiful month - it is a time to harvest and a time for the Austrians to go to the west, the Hungarians.
The monkeys' pastries have spoiled. They are looking forward to the holidays for a whole year, but the monkeys' cherry and plum pastries are eaten by a dog in a week.
The sweets that the Germans are known for include almonds, hazelnuts and other nuts. The biscuits that are often eaten with coffee are very tasty.
What do you want to eat for breakfast, go and see, go to the place you are in, or have a Berliner, a Pfannkuchen or a Krapfen.
The Khari are a people who are being dispersed across the country and abroad, without a leader, a name, or a symbol.
It can swim "breaking the water" or "swimming with the water" in the water.
In the northern parts of India and Pakistan, yogurt is served in metal cups. In the southern parts of India and many of its islands, it is served in coconut shells.
We have 17,000 refugees, Indonesia's share of the regional refugees.
Ma'am, if the project is not properly documented, it will be understood by few people for a long time, and this sentence is a warning to the developers of the Java Standard Edition.
In the land of Java, the coffee beans are roasted in the hands of the angels, who carefully select the best beans that have not been tainted by the impurities of the earth, and then they are ground into the powder of the coffee, sugar (sugar that is mixed with coconut milk from Java) and the cream that is poured into the cup.
The elderly are using the technology to communicate with the deaf through sign language in two different languages.
The days of famine are over, and we will no longer be ashamed of our crops when they fail in the land.
When the crops are ripe and ready to be harvested, the crops are not yet dry and the harvest is not yet complete. There is a good rain that is able to soften the soil so that the crops are not cracked or broken.
It is a fact that the majority of the people who are involved in the corruption of the country are those who are in power.
In the future, the earth's crust will be broken, and the earth will be shaken by the great earthquake of Mmamosadinyana, and all the mountains will be torn down, and the valleys will be raised up, and the earth will be scorched by the heat of the sun, and the earth will be burned by the fire that will follow the earthquake, and the earth will be made desolate.
Cochamó Valley – a valley carved by the glacier of Chile, likened to the Yosemite of South America, with its granite peaks and a lake that goes far into the distance.
The trees change their leaves so that a person may see the shapes they have made. They speak four languages of the earth, they interpret the signs that are far, they know the secrets that are hidden in the hearts of the wise.
A ski resort, also known as a snow resort, is a recreational facility specializing in skiing and snowboarding, with a range of lifts and trails for skiers and snowboarders, including a blue run and a black run, and a ski lift and a snowboard lift in the area.
We are in a trap, and some of us are trying to get out of it. We have people who are trying to escape the trap, but they are also trying to make us believe that they are skiing, they are trying to make us believe that they are enjoying the snow, but they are actually trying to sell us something in the trap.
Long ago, in the month of winter, people used to slide down hills on a flat piece of wood - long before the sport of "skiing" was invented in the Western world - people in Africa were doing something similar around 5000 BC!
The first recorded attempt to ski in South Africa was made by a Norwegian immigrant in the year 1861, who brought the sport to the land.
The game is played with a ball called a soccer ball, the game is played with the feet, or the game is played with the head.
I am not really into alpine skiing or mountaineering, but I do enjoy the thrill of adventure and the challenge of overcoming obstacles that test my limits.
It is not a good idea to mix the two different systems of government.
I will be able to play a beautiful game of hide-and-seek in the rain - but you will be able to see me clearly because I will be wearing a bright yellow raincoat and a red hat in a green forest with many tall trees and a muddy path.
Europe is one of the continents that is divided into several parts and has many different countries. At the beginning, the different countries were joined together to form a single encyclopedia that was written in the language of the people.
The Schengen Area is like one big country.
How many of you are there in this room, you can't even manage to keep your own affairs straight, let alone those of others, and you're also trying to be experts on everything else.
Yes, you can buy and wear a Schengen visa-free country's passport, but you cannot enter the Schengen area with a passport that has a visa sticker from a non-Schengen country, as this will invalidate your visa-free entry, and you will have to go through the normal visa application process.
They have a museum that we visit to see the old things that are being preserved. Some people collect antiques that are over 100 years old.
The economy of the continent is like a big tree, just like the seasons of the year are like the blue sky for the people of South Africa and America North and the people of Europe.
Your children's toys are not to be played with as if they were ordinary things, but rather as things that are special and more than just toys or playthings.
The path of the ancestors is a way of appeasing the ancestral spirits and the evil spirits that are believed to be at odds with the Sami people and their descendants, who have different customs and traditions.
The land of the ancestors is a place where you go, but you don't see the Sami people, who are a separate group from the rest, and you don't take their cattle, you don't take their sheep, you don't take their goats, and you don't take their horses, you just take the cattle and drive them off in a straight line.
The Sami people have a lot to gain from the digital economy. Bojanala is a great opportunity for the Sami people, their homeland.
The Tswana language is heavily influenced by the word "Mhaladi" which is used to describe a complex relationship between people who are related by blood and those who are not, especially in the context of the Romani people and their history of persecution and marginalization.
I have a relationship with the world outside my home, but I'm not sure if I'm ready to share my private life with the public in the open or if I want to keep it hidden in the shadows or if I want to share it with a select few.
One wants to be loved and cherished by the heart, but the bones of the ancestors are bitter and the spirits of the ancestors are angry.
Go fa sekai, batho ba lefatshe la Amerika ba ka nna ba tsholwa ka tsela e e farologanang le batho ba Europa kgotsa Ma-Arabea.
The fears of the future are the roots of the politics of the world.
The Gantsi is a small, lightweight, and fuel-efficient car, equipped with a powerful engine, and is known for its reliability and affordability.
The world is full of contradictions, where the same thing can be both good and bad, where the same thing can both benefit and harm people, and where the same thing can both uplift and destroy human life.
The seed of the loquat tree is very hard to crack open, but once you do, it's very easy to eat, and it's said that the tree itself is very old and has been around for a long time, and some of its branches are already dead.
The leaves of the trees, the grass, the water is rising higher, and the skin of the snake is the scales of the lizard are sharp, the thorns of the thorn tree, the horns of the rhinoceros, the waves of the water and the ripples.
The sun is setting over the hills in the distance, casting long shadows behind the trees that are swaying gently in the breeze, while the birds sing their evening songs.
They are not allowed to be in the same room as the others, they are kept in a separate enclosure, and they are fed by hand.
You are not allowed to take a child to a place where you yourself are not safe, so you can't protect them from harm.
The company is being forced to pay for a "Hostile environment course" by the court.
Education, when it is not wasted on the foolish, is a great treasure that, when properly utilized, brings great benefits, while education is also used to teach the children of the wise.
The message of the python is that the two legs that are left after five are eaten, but the sixth swallows the rest and then digests the leftovers.
They are opening the eyes of the blind to see, and the ears of the deaf to hear.
The people are tired of being ruled by the whites, who have been exploiting them for centuries.
The government will soon introduce a law that will prohibit the sale of goods that are not properly labeled with their ingredients, name, and weight (X) kg or less.
The great white snake is said to be found in the midst of the thorns.
The USA Gymnastics Board and the US Olympic Committee (USOC) have been at odds — doing so because the sport of gymnastics, like many others, is highly scrutinized, highly criticized, and highly policed for potential doping, while also being highly commercialized, and highly policed for potential cheating, rather than being allowed to develop naturally.
People who are not aware of this will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to the front of the queue, and those who are not aware will be forced to go to the back of the queue, while those who are aware will go to
The waves of the sea are formed by the wind blowing over the land, not by the rain falling in the mountains or the rivers flowing.
The rain of the night is a beautiful thing to watch in the fields of the past where the children used to play, but now it's a reminder of the beauty that is yet to come and the beauty that has gone.
Children are taught by the example of their parents to be honest, to be truthful, to be kind, to be generous, to be patient, and to be long-suffering.
If you don't know how to speak in the language of the people, you will be beaten up in the streets like a dog.
Be careful not to take it to the extreme, lest you end up losing everything, and people will see you, but you will not see them, and you will end up with nothing.
Go bowa o tlwaela botshelo jwa kwa gaeno o sena go nna kwa lefatsheng le sele go tla ka bonako go feta ka fa o angwang ke go tlwaela botshelo le ditso tsa lefatshe le sele.
The ancestors of the ancestors are the ones who have been entrusted with the care of the earth and its secrets, and they are the ones who will be responsible for the future of the earth, and they are the ones who will be the guardians of the earth's future, and they are the ones who will be the ones to take care of the earth's future, and they are the ones who will be the ones to protect the earth's future.
If you were born in a village, you would have seen a lot of things, but you would have been a fool if you had not seen a monkey at the end of the village with a basket of monkey's own fruit.
When you are in a situation of need, people are very generous and they help each other, and they say that people who are in need are not lazy in the real world they are just struggling to make ends meet.
People are not yet aware that there is a conspiracy and a plot to destroy the country.
The symptoms of the disease and the effects of the vaccine are one and the same in the eyes of the children.
I can see the pictures in the album while I can also see what's hidden before the picture is fully revealed.
I am tired of this bitter medicine and its bitter taste. The taste of medicine is the same as the taste of poison.
The Sphinx's body is a limestone one, placed on a stone pedestal, while it is also a stone statue of a human-headed lion.
The slaves were brought to the pyramids, and the pyramids were built by them.
The Shetland Islands, established in 1819, have a population of around 23,000 as of 2020.
The island is inhabited by a population of around 2,000 people, mostly of Chilean and British descent, with a few other nationalities. It has a small settlement, King George Island Settlement, and a research station, Villa Las Estrellas.
These few things are associated with the Livingston's Kingdom, and Deception by a strange, fictional, and imaginary story of a great and mighty river.
Ellsworth Land is a region in the west of the Antarctic Peninsula, separated from Bellingshausen Land.
The mountains of Tibet are being compressed into a single mountain, and they are also being connected to form a mountain range of 360km of the Ellsworth Mountains, which are formed by the Glacier of Minnesota.
The Karolo and the Sentinel Range are located east, while the Vinson Massif, the highest peak, is 4,892 meters high.
I am in a cellular network, with a satellite connection, but I am only able to access the internet via a single dial-up connection.
The one who is a thief of a secret will be given a secret to keep, so that the one who is a thief will be caught by the one who is being stolen from.
The harvest is a time of great joy, when we celebrate the hard work of our ancestors, who toiled for months, years and even generations, to bring forth the bounty of the land and the fruit of the tree.
We are the children of the earth, and we are capable of healing ourselves in harmony with nature, and thus we will not be fooled by this slogan.
He goes to school with a basket of food for a day, and learns other things.
They were very happy at home, but they were going to leave for a year to study at the university, and also to learn the skills of the whites.
Go le ga ntsi, go ikwadisetsa dithuto tsa lebaka la ngwaga tse o di tsenang kwa moseja go kgona go go thusa go bona phatlha mo dikolong tse dikgolwane kwa lefatsheng la ga go.
At the dawn of time, I will have a bow and a quiver full of arrows to shoot down the enemies of the people.
Finland is a country of many lakes and islands. The country is also known for its numerous small islands and rocky shores of the lake shores.
The whole of you is covered in a thick layer of dust from the forest, and you are going further into the market in the midst of the dry season.
We are Tswana, and today is the 26th of July, a day that has been marked by different events and activities, some of which are exciting and others which are just for fun.
Go on a trip to the land of the free and the home of the brave, the United States of America, where the people are so diverse and the culture is so rich.
I am going to be tested in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but I am also going to be tested in the same way as the rest of the world, except for the Netherlands where there are over 50 languages spoken.
The treasures of the Baltic capitals, which are now in the hands of St. Petersburg, Russia.
Go well, the two are in a hurry, you are the leader of the way, you are in front, the mother is behind, the child is sleeping in the cradle
In 2009, when you enter the country, you go to the airport, you go to the immigration, you are one of the few who have a visa, but you don't have one at all.
The great majority of the population of Berlin, Germany, is aware of the existence of the concentration camp. Just as one sees the remains of the camp above the ground, so too does one see the remains of the people who were imprisoned there in the city that was once a concentration camp.
I have been a victim of the cruel hands of time, which have taken away my loved ones of many years, my dear friends, my companions in the joys and sorrows of life, my companions in the good and the bad, and those who have been my closest friends.
There are no two things that are alike: a person is unique and no one else is like them.
We are all in the same canoe, we must paddle together in the same direction, lest we capsize and drown in the sea of life, where some are already lost and others are yet to be found.
The butterfly's wings beat for just a few seconds to reveal what is inside the potlako. Meanwhile, the ants are busy collecting the crumbs, the leftovers, and the seeds to take back to their colony.
I have two kinds of things, composed of many small parts, and I have two kinds of things that are composed of fewer parts and are more complicated.
When they are in the midst of a great calamity, they will take some of the things that are in the hands of the people who are in the midst of the calamity and they will take them to the people who are in the midst of the calamity and they will give them to the people who are in the midst of the calamity.
The beauty of the world is that it is not like the artificial world of the computer, where everything is predetermined and controlled. The beauty of the real world is that it is unpredictable and can be influenced by the actions of individuals, just like in a game.
The system is a simple one where you can choose between a low, medium or high level of difficulty, or a combination of the three (easy, medium, or hard).
Mother, listen: do not go there: go and tell them that you are going to take a bath, but they will not let you, because you are a child of the devil, and when you take a bath, you will be possessed by a spirit.
If I were to be born again, I would not be born in a country where the majority of the population is poor, and the rich are richer than the poor, and where the majority of the people are black, while the minority are white.
The ancestors of the ancestors are said to be content with one small gift, but they demand a lot of water to see the beauty of the gift in the distance, and so they are not satisfied; thus they want more.
The capital of the Republic of Moldova is Chişinău. It is connected to Romania by a bridge, and to Russia by a ferry.
The Moldovan wine is a symbol of the people's culture, it is not a product of artificial production, but of the natural conditions of the vineyards.
In 1994, the conflict over the disputed territory of Transnistria was sparked by a border dispute with Moldova, which had a separatist region within its territory, and was later to be mediated by the UN.
The border between the two parts of Moldova is heavily militarized and guarded by a complex system of barbed wire and watchtowers.
Our prayer is for Moldova, a Christmas blessing.
İzmir is a city in western Turkey with a population of approximately 3.7 million, making it the second-largest city in the country after Istanbul, and the most populous city in the Aegean region.
The village is a beautiful place, but it is also a place of great danger, where the lion is king, and the elephant is a mighty beast, and the hyena is a cunning thief, and the forest is a place of great mystery.
The city is surrounded by mountains, the streets are paved with marble, the city is a 18-year-old girl, the churches and chapels are decorated with the stones of the ancient stones, the city is a beautiful city with a population of over 100,000 people, the city is a city in the Mediterranean region of Europe with a rich history and culture.
Haldarsvík is a village in the Eysturoy Municipality, which is a parish in the Faroe Islands.
I am a church choir, we are the ones who sing, we are the ones who are led by the pastor, and we are the ones who are blessed by God.
We are going to the village of our ancestors to dance and sing together in unity.
Go to the back of the house, where the beautiful view of the city of Lisbon and the Atlantic Ocean is seen after the rain, and the wine of the year is drunk with Lord Byron.
The Scotturb 403 bus is going to Sintra, but it will stop at Cabo da Roca.
The story goes that in the back of beyond, there lived Boitshepo, the daughter of Mohumagadi wa Rona Fatima (Temple), the other half of the divine couple, Marian.
The sweet taste is not appreciated when the bitter taste is mixed with the sweet taste, the bitter taste is mixed with the sweet taste, and the bitter taste is mixed with the sweet taste in a large bowl of bitter and sweet food.
The children are with men and women who are being taken to a strange place, and some children are with people who are being beaten or being tortured until they are exhausted, Majuta and those who are like Majuta are being forced to live together.
We are buying and selling human lives, children are being sold like cattle, and the price of a human life is being set at the Holocaust or the price of a Nazi.
It is a matter of choice whether to take a photo or not in these places.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. The city is a melting pot of cultures, where Catalan is predominantly spoken, but many residents also speak Spanish.
It is so, the majority of the opposition parties are only four as per the law as it was before the boycott.
Mother, the language of the Spanish is a treasure in the hearts of the community and the stories of many.
In the first place, the solutions in the Metro are only in Spanish, but the warning signs are also in the languages of the countries that are part of the European Union, such as France, Germany, Arabic and Japan.
The Parisians are tired of my nonsense, and tired of my presence.
Tswana is a language of great struggle, which is not easily learned, but if you are willing to learn it in Paris, you will be rewarded with a great sense of pride, as you will be considered "bien élevé" (well-bred). It will give you a sense of accomplishment.
She is a fashionista who lives in Paris, she is admired for her beautiful clothes when people see her wearing a beautiful mantle.
The Plitvice Lakes area is covered with beech, spruce and fir trees, and the meadows of the Alpine and Mediterranean types.
I have a dream about a beautiful land, a land of plenty, a land of beautiful rolling hills, a land of beautiful valleys, a land of beautiful mountains, a land of beautiful rivers, a land of beautiful lakes, a land of beautiful forests, a land of beautiful flowers, a land of beautiful trees, a land of beautiful birds, a land of beautiful animals, a land of beautiful people.
The beauty of the earth is the spirit of the universe and the mysteries of the stars.
The creatures that are not found in the Southern African region are like the European bear, the viper, the snake, the lynx, the naga's sting, and the capercaillie, among others.
When food is scarce, women can sell a few eggs; they can also sell their children.
The beauty of the world is in the hands of the foolish, but the wise will inherit the earth, for the foolish will be left with nothing but the dust of the earth, while the wise will inherit the riches of the earth and the foolish will be left with nothing but the dust of the earth.
We are in a great hurry, men, we can't afford to waste a single moment.
These are the times, you can be called a hero if you go to the village, but you will be tired after walking one by one, so you will be left with nothing but a heavy load. The men of this time, they are all the same, they will not be satisfied with anything until they get what they want.
The words of Ma-Jorca, like those of the other great heroes of the Mediterranean, were written in gold, bronze, and marble, (the stone of the lion), and the olive tree's fruit of the long years.
The secret recipe of that special (bogolo thata jang fa go le selemo) dish is also a closely guarded secret of Pa and Oli: A mixture of flour and olive oil, with no salt and a pinch of this and that, just like cheese and spices.
The shoes are old, the sole of Sie for you, at the time it started to wear out, and it's not even a shoe.
It is a clear way of expressing one's thoughts and opinions.
We are being forced to dance, and being forced to sing is being forced to play the flute with the hands of a dead person.
Go bitsa mafoko a se-Italy go motlhofo ka go re bontsi jwa mafoko a bitswa fela ka fa a kwadilweng ka teng translates to:
The things that are hidden from the one who is looking for them are revealed to the one who is not looking for them, and it is only when you stop looking that you will find them.
Look, I'm going to tell you how I'm going to take care of you, but first, let me tell you about the car and the road, the car and the road are very dangerous.
The Persian Gulf is also known as the Gulf of Iran.
So, I will take the whole of the Thutapuo of the Loleme, and I will add to it the whole of the Thutapuo of Persia, so that I may make it complete.
I am not fluent in the language of the sea, but I will learn to speak it in the language of the Latin.
They say that people are so engrossed in their Spanish that they can no longer speak properly, and that's what makes their language so difficult to understand.
The first signs of a pregnancy are the changes in the woman's body, which are not yet noticeable, but when she misses her period, she knows that she is pregnant.
We are in the midst of a solar eclipse in the bone of contention, which is not a problem like the one that is a complete disaster, but rather it is being displayed in the direction of the east or the west, and it will be seen in the morning or in the evening, as the sun rises or sets in the midst of the darkness.
The telescopes of the galaxies of the cosmos are being destroyed by the monsters in the dark corners of the universe.
The cherry blossoms are being enjoyed like a dream, and I am a part of the Japanese culture since I am 8 years old.
The road to success is often paved with sacrifices of personal comfort.
For Japan, the line of succession of the imperial throne is determined by the Emperor; and the Emperor is succeeded by his eldest son, or, in the absence of a son, by his brother, or, in the absence of a brother, by the Imperial House.
The woman is a great sorceress in the land of the night, so she is only a black snake.
If you are cutting down a tree in someone else's land, you should be prepared to pay for it, unless there is a dispute.
In Singapore, you can enjoy a lot of fun without a schedule when you're on holiday, and you can buy something or other whenever you feel like eating.
On the other side of the equator (on the southern side of one), you will be given a chance to participate in the games of the ancient (or old) ones, and you will be given a chance to see the stars (as the moon is full and the sun is at its highest - you will be given a chance to see the stars very clearly).
Go and take a bow of branches, a staff, and a flask of water, and go to the hill of Moreh, where the people of the land worshiped, the people of Shechem.
He went out to the field at the time of the new moon, and he took his concubine and sent her away, and she went and she came to the house of a man in the hills of Ephraim, which is on the way to the house of Benjamin to the hill of Kiryat Jearim.
The waves of the sea are a reminder to me of the beauty of the world's treasures.
The world is at the back of the royal palaces in the Loire Valley, and the Rhine Valley, and to rest and enjoy the scenery of the cities that are connected by the Danube, or to walk along the Erie Canal.
The interpretation is also and the signs that are used for playing and for communicating with each other.
The Day of Atonement is a day of great sorrow in the Jewish calendar, as well as a day of fasting, like the day of the Lord's affliction.
The five senses that are associated with the five elements of nature are being used by people who are not aware of the spiritual world, and are being used to distract them from the truth.
Go to the house of the one who will be the king before Paseka, he is the one who will bring peace to the land in a year.
I have a problem with the way things are going, and I'm not going to be satisfied until I get to the bottom of this whole tea party business.
The wars of the world are not far off The coat of arms of Paseka is worn by the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the kingdom of Paseka, the sceptre of the kingdom of Paseka, the crown of the
The rivers that flow before the mountains, are not the same as those that flow after the mountains, but rather they are swallowed up and lost in the depths of the earth.
It's a long way to the continent, we've been waiting for a long time to see the other side. We've been on this ship for four years, and it's been a long and difficult journey, but we're finally approaching the Galapagos Islands.
When I go to Galapagos, I see a lot of strange animals, the first of which is the iguana, which is a reptile, the tortoise, the snake, the lizard, and the gecko.
If you look at the shapes of the Arctic and Antarctic circles on a map, you will see that they are not perfect circles.
It is a beautiful day in the north with a lovely sun and a beautiful sunrise behind Aurora in the east, with a gentle breeze and a clear sky for a long time, but with a dark cloud in the evening.
It has a blue and white striped pattern, so it's not easy to spot, but it's also very beautiful.
In Japan, the tattoos are hidden under clothing while they are being applied, and they are covered with a special wax to protect the skin of the people of the Bophirima tribe from the needles.
The Bogolo of Turkey is expected to be the fourth-largest economy in the world by 2037, surpassing that of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom.
Kutlwano in the midst of the bereaved, while also being entertained by the things that are capable of being made into a spectacle, and people are being entertained one by one.
They are not yet ready to see the face of the computer in the classroom, but it is said that they are going to learn about computers from the teachers.